10000 A

10100 Just a while in the guild, but want the second stage?  Well, here is a very simple task to begin with.
10101 One of our guild members was recently killed by someone from the well-known clan of swindlers and murderers. The rule of our guild is: kill 10 enemies for one killed Assassin. So I am here waiting for you with ten ears of this clan's members as soon as possible. %m1.

10200 Our weapon is secrecy and surprise. A real assassin strikes only blow, which is fatal. It is time to see if you deserve the third stage in our guild.
10201 I am currently studying the impact of natural animal poisons on humans. There is the famous spider %z1 dwelling not far from here. The miserable percentage of those surviving its bite makes me optimistic about my research. Bring me some part of its body. %m1.
10202 While I am studying the poisons of %z1, you could help me to study another group of poisons. I am talking about the mysterious substance that reanimates leaf insects and dead trees. Get me enough brushwood of those nasty creatures. %m1.
10203 You've worked hard and I haven't wasted time either. A poison of unheard-of power is in my hands! Now let's test it. %m2, my old friend, has been in my way too long. I've let him know I am sending a messenger with a magical elixir for his research, so bring him this poison and let's wait until the great magician %m2 starts experiments with his elixir, ha ha. By the way, you will get the third stage in the guild once you accomplish that task. %m1.

10300 It is not as easy to get the fourth stage in the guild of Assassins as you think. It will be hard to do. You task is to kill %z1, the well-known monster.
10301 You wouldn't be a real Assassin if  you tried to kill him in a usual duel, at full tilt. Learn everything about %z1 from the trapper whose name is %m2, he is a great expert in creatures inhabiting Sphere. Take this letter of recommendation from me, otherwise %m2 will simply not listen to you. %m1.
10302 I know everything about %z1 and creatures of its breed. It is possible to kill them with usual weapons though, but it's difficult. You need a special, magical weapon and a special poison, so that %z1 falls of the very first hit. First, let's gather the weapons. Go to my cellar and take my old sword there. Don't pay attention to the pets, they are tame. %m2.
10303 What? You've killed all my tame pets in the cellar? I don't believe it, they couldn't have attacked first. I would turn you into a toad but for the letter %m1 gave you! Well, I'll give you last chance. We have the weapon, now there is a need to get the poison. Catch me a couple of giant scorpions. These animals are rare now, but we won't hurt them, we just need the poison from their stings. %m2.
10304 Again? Didn't I ask you to bring the scorpions, not to kill them! Brainless murderer! Get away to your mentor, %m1, and tell him not to send any of your half-trained murderers to me. As for you, %p1, I'll turn you into a worm next time we meet! %m2.
10305 This %m2 has overstepped all marks! I wonder why he is alive, while you are standing here, thinking about God knows what! Aha, you want your old teacher %m1 help you choose the more painful punishment for the cheeky guy? That's good, %p1! Remember my recent experiments with the poison? I have one bottle left, it's just enough to render %m2 breathless. Apply it to him and run, or else he could really turn you into something. As for your task, forget about z1. %m2 is a more interesting target and you'll earn a place in the fourth stage of the guild by smiting him. %m1.

10400 Great Sorcerers, Archimagicians and Druids are gathering to a military council. All these guilds have suffered because of us in the past, so it's logical to assume they are preparing a response attack. Learn everything about this council and try to undermine their plans. We next can talk about your joining the fifth stage of the guild.
10401 First talk to %m2, our agent in the sorcerers guild. He didn't attend the council, but he may know something. Take this ring, our sign. He will know who sends you when he see it. %m1.
10402 I really didn't attend the council, but I've managed to learn something. The three guilds have made up their mind to join each other to hit the leader of our guild. They know how sly and enduring %m3 so they decided to strike three blows simultaneously. Archimagicians have made a strong delayed-action poison and are rumored to have succeeded in applying it already. Sorcerers are forging a magical blade for a contract killer, while Druids have created a nightmarish monster. The main problem currently is the poison of Archimagicians and you must get an antidote as soon as possible. I've learnt that %a1 was making the poison. He is currently hiding somewhere in the woods, but I am sure you will find him and squeeze the antidote out of him. %m2.
10403 Miserable archimagicians have not to keep their promises: they've failed to protect me from an Assassin. Take your antidote, %p1, but remember I am not the only one to attack your guild. Nothing can help you, you' re doomed. When %m3 dies, nothing will prevent the council of the three from wiping your handful of murderers off the face of the earth. %a1.
10404 Fine, %p1, don't waste time, be quick to bring the poison to %m3! I've put a letter into the parcel in which I've told everything I've managed to learn about this matter. I think %m3 will decide what you should further do. Now hurry! %m2.
10405 Thank you, %p1, I thought I had an incurable disease and our guild is doomed for an infamous end. But now I feel fine. %m2 writes about a monster created by druids. I think this is your priority target. Destroy him and we'll proceed with the Sorcerers surprise. %m3.
10406 Look what I've managed to learn in your absence. Sorcerers have already made the blade. It is currently keept in a smithy in the dungeon it's been made in. The killer has been hired and if he gets the magical blade of such power, he may have reasonable chances. So your task is to get the blade before the killer and bring it here. %m3.
10407 You cope with quite difficult tasks excellently, %p1. I believe you can quite claim to the fifth stage in our guild. %m1 must receive this letter of recommendation as soon as possible, and the issue of your admission will be settled soon. %m3.

10500 Assassins in the sixth stage of the guild possess great knowledge and secrets. You too will get access to them, but only if you help our guild to get what our designs have been aimed at for years. I am talking about the Eye of %z1, an ancient artifact which in skillful hands enables seeing the invisible around us.
10501 Once it was kept in the gathering hall of our guild, but Thieves guild agents managed to stole it. We now want it back and we'll have it back at any price. But I don't know if those who stole it are still alive, this was long ago after all... Still, don't waste time while I am searching for any of them. The enemy must be demoralized before the attack. Bring me 20 ears of their guild members. They should know this is only the beginning. %m1.
10502 I've learned the name of one thief who took part in stealing the Eye of %z1. His name is %m2. I will entrust you one of the most guarded secrets in our guild, the powder of control. As soon as %m2 opens the envelope and inhales the powder, he will obey you and tell you everything what happened to the artifact after the theft. %m1.
10503 Sure, my good master %p1, I'll tell you everything I know. Once the Eye of %z1 was stolen, the leaders of our guild immediately took it and brought it away without indicating the destination. However, I followed them out of curiosity and I know they gave it to a specially created monster for keeping. I didn't hear the name of the monster, but I know the great master of summoning, %a1, created him. He is often seen wandering in the woods not far from here. He probably can to name you the officer of the artifact. %m2.
10504 Thank you for accompanying me, %p1, I've somewhat lost the way. Yes, several years ago I created a monster to protect something precious, its name was %z2, as it seems. The monster turned out to have some special features. For example, as far as I can remember, it couldn't bear daylight, so he was placed in a dungeon, not far from here. And he was very sly and could, in addition, foresee the future. %a1.
10505 Ha ha, %p1! I've foreseen you will turn up here and I've given the Eye of %z1 for my maker, %a1, to keep. You are so stupid to have trusted him... My master is not irreproachable either though, he has clearly overestimated my powers hoping I'll kill you. But that doesn't matter, I am going to another world where I'll be free of this damn dungeon. There is no point for me now, on the verge of death, to conceal the whereabouts of %a1 from you. My ability to predict has grown as never before as I am dying and I see that %a1 will win over you in a duel. Go to him if you are looking for soon death. If you don't trust me or think I am trying to bully me, turn to any Oracle, e.g. %m3. He will tell you the same. Farewell, %p1. %z2.
10506 Don't thrust me this dead head, I believe that you've killed %z2 without it. Yes, right you are, I see it in your future that you will die in battle of %a1's hand by an absurd chance, by the way. Yes, it's hard to change one's destiny... Oh, you didn't know? Several Oracles, and I am among them, recently were able to learn the ancient secret of changing Lines of Destiny. Sure, we can only cause a slight effect, but your case is just the one that requires no serious intervention. Even this weak intervention requires lots of effort and resources though. I'll agree to take up this matter for no less than 2 million thalers. Besides, I need some alchemical components. Changing Lines of Destiny is not a piece of cake and the consumption of components will be great. %m3
10507 The issue of money and components is settled, but there is one more, finishing touch. A mortal, whether an ordinary human or a magician, cannot see Lines of Destiny twice because they are so bright and charming that the one who sees them becomes blind and insane. We've found the solution to this problem, however. A wonderful luminous mushroom that grows in some dungeons affects the human consciousness in the same way as Lines of Destiny, but only for a time. While affected by it, one can work with the lines being in one's senses. The mushroom is very rare and our stocks are depleted. Find me one and we'll change your destiny. %m3.
10508 It's done, %p1. No, don't hope that victory will now be easy over %a1. Everything I can and have done is change the inevitability of your death. Everything now depends on you strength, dexterity and magical knowledge. %a1 is not far from here, %p1 go and meet your destiny. %m3.
10509 The gift of foresight failed %z2 or you have been able to change the lines of destiny... I thought it impossible though... Well, you have your Eye of %z1. Bring it to %m1 or to the other side of the world, I don't care any longer... But don't think that this artifact brings good luck. My advice is that you don't keep it for long... %a1.

121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup
