10000 G

10100 The source of our strength is in trees, therefore we must safeguard them carefully. Unfortunately, more and more people forget that the forest is alive, so they destroy trees.
10101 Hunters account for the most of this abuse. Their guild picked our forest long ago and they have since destroyed lots of trees apart from animals. It is time to remind them whose ground they are on. Bring me five ears of members of their guild. This will teach them a lesson and it'll be your pass to the second stage our guild. %m1.

10200 I spend all my time in a constant study of the forest and the magic of nature and I uncover new and new miracles. Unfortunately, life is brief and I am unlikely to finish my research within my lifetime. I need help and old %m2, an eminent druid, could help me.
10201 Take this book, there's everything I know about the magic of forests in it. Bring it to %m2 as a gift from me and I hope he won't deny me the favor of sharing his knowledge. %m1.
10202 Tell %m1 I've know everything that's in his notes for a long time already. I am much more advanced in my research and I am not going to share the knowledge obtained for free. However, I see you are an experienced traveler and can do me a favor. Then %m1 will get what he wants. Foul rascals Armorers, Blacksmiths and Sorcerers have trodden all our forests in search of components for their alchemical reactions. They've marred my life enough, but I'm too old to revenge. Meanwhile, you are young and can quite teach them a lesson. Bring me 10 ears of members of each of these guilds and I'll give you the book with all my notes. %m2.
10203 Here, give this book to %m1. Let him not think it was easy to obtain this knowledge. %m2.

10300 Listen how beautifully the forest sings today... A striking magic of sounds... You don't hear it?! If you don't hear even this, what fourth stage can we talk about? You won't get it before you learn to understand the language of the forest.
10301 Try to apply to %m2. He is a well-known physician and has more than once cured druids who have lost their abilities. Here's a notice, %m2 has a discount for druids I send to him. %m1.
10302 My good friend %m1 has again thrown in some job for me? I don't work for free, you know. Pay 1 million thalers, and then we'll talk. %m2.
10303 Good, let's start. In order to cure you, we'll need several components. Bring me 20 ears of dogheads - those nasty creatures have perfect hearing and are best at feeling the magic of forests. Besides, we'll need some plants. %m2.
10304 The last component is aqua vitae. Unfortunately, all springs have been desecrated and I can't imagine how it can be obtained in nature. Rich people store some in their dungeons though. One of them is just not far from here. I don't suggest anything, but you should understand than no one will sell you a rare elixir like that. %m2.
10305 Here it is, %p1! You now have the ability to hear the forest. I can't imagine why you need it, but as long as you pay I am at your service. Here is a reference for %m1 that you've been cured.%m2.
 
10400 Just imagine those villains, Assassins, obliterate all forest dwellers that we protect. To be sure, they do it secretly, stabbing in the back, but there are rumors that enable one suspect them. You must study the evidence of their crimes and find out why they do that. The Council of the Twelve Guilds is coming where we'll charge Assassins and obtain fair trial.
10401 It's better to start with %m2, he is the only one to have survived after an assassin's attack. He sustained serious wounds though. All the more will he be glad to get aqua vitae from you that will heal his wounds. Ask him about everything. %m1.
10402 Thank you, child of nature %p1! My wounds are healing before my very eyes. What? Oh, sure, I'll tell you everything I know about the assassins' attack. A few months ago, our senior %m3 refused to pay an unfair tribute to the head of their guild. In response a punitive expedition was sent, but we killed them all in a cruel battle. Now all residents of our neighborhood must be obliterated by the Assassins guild's revenge laws. They are resourceful in their devilish plans: they poison us, set our houses to fire and just kill us. We hope for you, %p1, and that the Council of the Twelve Guilds will relieve us of this nightmare. I've put down everything I know about this case, give my notes to %m1, he knows how to use them. %m2.
10403 Well, we have one piece of evidence now. More proofs should be found. %m2 writes here that Assassins have tried to poison them by selling poisoned fish and fruit. When the scheme was disclosed, members of the community dumped the poisoned food into an unnecessary basement. You should go there and find a sample of the poison. %m1.
10404 Assassins are reported to have committed all murders with a special ritual weapon, apparently forged specially for this case. I've studied this weapon and found the blacksmith who made it, %m4. Talk to him and persuade him to speak against Assassins at the Council. You can pay him several hundreds of thousands, but his evidence is absolutely necessary. %m1.
10405 Good, %p1, I accept your scanty contribution and I'll try to be in time at the Council. Here is my receipt about this. Give it to %m1. %m4.
10406 I've just come back from the Council of the Twelve Guilds. The evidence of %m2 and %m4 turned the scales and Assassins will be punished for their crimes. Assassins are now outlawed and we can legally revenge on them and make them taste their own food. Bring me 20 ears of members of their guild and let's think this matter finished. %m1.
10407 I though I was giving you the last assignment, %p1, but things happen otherwise. I've come to know that Assassins were preparing the final, cruelest blow on forest dwellers. In association with Archimagicians whom we'll handle later, they created a terrible monster, %z1, whose only goal is to kill. He is now out of control of his makers and is going towards the community we are trying to protect. Stop %z1 and finish the case of Assassins once and for all. After that, for your achievements in this case, you'll get the fifth stage in our guild.

10500 In order to obtain the sixth stage in the guild and master all secrets of the forest, you'll have to help me in an affair. I've long been searching for the ancient Book of Cyanos. This ancient volume was created by a clan of dark forces who worshipped cyanoses. They say members of that clan could turn into cyanoses.
10501 I've been searching for the trace of the Book for a long time and I have found out it is now kept in the dungeon of a well-known collector, %a1, guarded by numerous monsters. Negotiations with him have been fruitless, but I am determined to get the Book, so go there and do what you think right. %m1.
10502 Here you are trapped! I've guessed that after the unsuccessful negotiations the old rascal %m1 will send a little thief here. You'll now be executed as a thief and I'll get a big ransom from your guild for this matter not to become public! What? You offer a pay-off?.. Well, it must be big enough to compensate for my damages. For example, 1 million thalers, 100 units of gold and 10 ears of my sworn enemies. Give all this to my servant %m2, he is in charge of my finance. %a1.
10503 So, my master's trapped you? It's stupid that you've swallowed his bait, but it's even more stupid that you believe he won't make this case public after you pay him. I am sure your guild's reputation cannot be saved. The only possible comfort for you would be to obtain the Book of Cyanos after all. I could help you cheat this rich guy %a1 if you helped me in one affair. The local mayor recently announced a reward for killing %z1, a very danger monster of dungeons. I've been lucky to find his trace, but monsters in the dungeon are too strong for me. However, you are an experience magician and it seems to me you would easily cope with %z1 and its accomplices. By the way, this %z1 stores a diamond of a unique size. Bring it to me, I'll show it to the mayor and the reward will be mine then. %m2.
10504 I'll keep my promise %p1. %a1 keeps the Book of Cyanos in a secret dungeon, but I know the way and I'll show you. As soon as %a1 learns that the Book has been stolen, he will at once remember about you, so you'd better get rid of it as soon as possible, give it to %m1. %m2.
10505 Well, you've finally turned up, %p1! I've lost hope to see this famous volume eventually. Well, let's see: While I am studying the book, do something useful. Our forest underwent a real invasion by mammoths while you were away. They destroyed a lot of trees and you must stop them. Don't be too enthusiastic to maintain the balance in nature, but at least 20 mammoths must be destroyed. %m1.
10506 I've studied this book and found it very useful to us. Above all, it contains an instruction how to make a Ring of Cyanos. It enables one take the shape of a cyanos, which might be of use to us. To make the ring, several components are required, as well as the head of a cyanos and a blacksmith to make it. Begin with the head of a monster, e.g. %z2 is not far from here right now. %m1.
10507 The components for the ring are quite simple, but their consumption will be great. All the more so if a few experiments are required before we obtain the Ring of Cyanos. Find the components in sufficient quantities and come back. %m1.
10508 Old %a2 is an ideal candidate to forge this ring. He is very experienced and he's made quite a few dozens of magical rings. He is currently traveling, so you task is to find him, offer him a good contract and lead him to the nearest teleport. %m1.
10509 Good, child of nature, this is a profitable deal. The job is not too difficult, I used to make Rings of Cyanos before, too. I'll make one as a gift for you. Here, I've signed the contract, but you'd better not use the teleport. Where everything is on magical fire around you, paper can burn instantly. Bring this contract to %m1 on foot, I think your reward will be waiting for you when you come. %a2.

121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup
