10000 B

10100 Only those heroes who perform feats in the name of justice can get the second stage in our guild. 
10101 The real Crusader's objective is to destroy evil ever and everywhere and you will prove your commitment to our cause by bringing me 50 ears of villains that have flooded all cities and lands in Sphere. %m1.

10200 Our guild is still very young. We don't even have a coat of arms of our own, while it is prerequisite for every crusader. Our painter, %m2, is working on that problem and he needs a help.
10201 Go to %m2, give him my letter and do what he says. Remember, this work is very important to us and your promotion in guild depends on his recommendation. %m1.
10202 Hello, %p1. So %m1 has sent you to help me? Fine, I have a task for you. I am going to portray four plants on the coat of arms which are symbols of honor, nobility, courage and strength. Unfortunately, these plants are rare and, as you can see, I don’t have time to search for them. Bring them to me so I can portray them realistically. %m2.
10203 Fine, %p1. The coat of arms is practically ready, but I will not risk presenting it to the Council of your guild without having obtained a heraldic certificate. Unfortunately, the only expert in heraldry I know, %a1, was confined to a dungeon after his incautious utterances with respect to the Duke of Charon's coat of arms. The only way out is probably to set him free. Once you have done this, I will immediately send a recommendation to %m1 with a request to admit you to the third stage of the Crusaders guild. %m2.

10300 Third stage warriors are too weak in our guild. You too, %p1, even though you look better than others. We need help from a real martial arts teacher such as %m2.
10301 It's not suitable to visit the teacher empty-handed. To begin with, go to our treasure-house and bring my old sword from there. We'll give this ancient weapon to %m2 to pledge cooperation. %m1.
10302 Bring the sword to master %m2. I've also put a letter to him into the packet and a contract to teach our novices. If you can obtain his agreement, you'll get the fourth stage in the guild. %m1.
10303 The contract is not bad, %p1, but right now I cannot handle you. My niece, %b1, has been taken prisoner by monsters in a dungeon not far from here. My prime concern currently is to set her free. If you want to the contract to be signed sooner, check one dungeon while I am searching another. %m2.
10304 Thank you for my rescue, %p1! Bring this short letter to my uncle %m2 for him to know I am all right. %b1.
10305 Fine, %p1! %b1 is safe and nothing prevents me from teaching up your youths a little. I've signed the contract, bring it to %m1, while I am picking some things and coming to you camp tomorrow. %m2.
      
10400 It is not enough to just destroy evil, Crusader, sometimes you need to do good. You won't rise to the fifth stage in our guild if you only follow the path of destruction. Our good friend %a1 died recently in an unequal battle with Black Archimagicians. The evil magicians did not give peace to his soul and now he creates death and destruction in the shapes of various monsters. 
10401 Your task is to release the soul of %a1 for it to rest in peace. Destroy his material incarnation and come back. %m1.
10402 You have delivered me from this disgusting body, but my soul still belongs to Archimagicians. I am sure they will find an even more disgusting container very soon. Even now I can feel the spell that will carry me away to their lair. If you really want to help me, %p1, apply to the former Archimagician %m2. He is the only one who can help me. %a1.
10403 Yes, these spells are known to me. But if I use my power, my former guild mates will destroy me instantly. I will have to flee from here, but that costs a lot. I would go in this business for no less than 3 million thalers. In addition, I need alchemical components. %m2.
10404 To break the spell that confines the soul of %a1, at least ten Archimagicians are required. It's not my concern where you will find that many. The souls will do at worst, but more of them are required. %m2.
10405 Everything's in place! Destroy the current incarnation of %a1, while I am beginning to read mantras. Hurry up, I cannot read them eternally. %m2.
10406 Thank you, %p1! People like you are the pride of the guild. Take this letter for %m1. I think my recommendation will help you soon be promoted to the fifth stage. %a1.
10407 Well done, %p1! I'll be pleased to admit you to the fifth stage, you only will have to bring our guildians' book from the archive. %m1.

10500 You are no longer a beginner in the guild and you know our motto: honor above anything! More so I regret to inform you there's reliable intelligence there's a traitor in our guild who sells all information about our activities to enemy guilds. You task is to find and punish him according to his crime.
10501 We cannot even guess who he is as yet, but there is a trace. Our new treasure-house has just been robbed by a group of monsters with %z1 at the head. The attack occurred as soon as valuables had been delivered and the convoy had left. Apparently, %z1 obtained information from the traitor. To the best of my knowledge, %z1 is still in the treasure-house and you task is to thrash the name of the traitor out of him. %m1.
10502 Even if I knew what you want to hear, I wouldn’t all the same tell you anything. I am here as ordered by master %m2 who has been initiated into the sixth stage of the great guild of Thieves and you won't get anything out of me. %z1.
10503 What? You claim to be sent by %z1 for help? Well, judging by his sign, you're not lying. Yet, helping losers is against our guild's principles. I have given an excellent %i1 for information about that treasure-house without that. Traitors' appetites are growing. But I digress. Here is my official denial. Tell %z1 about it. %m2.
10504 Well, so %m2 talked about %i1! Three members of our guild have lately come to have such blades. Each one must be checked. The most suspicious among them is %a1, the shame of our guild, a drunkard and brawler. He got behind bars again yesterday. Get him out and tell him among other things that we are going to attack the Thieves guild tomorrow to revenge on them for our treasure-house. %m1.
10505 Is it possible that at least one man has turned up in this guild who is not afraid of the old buddies like %m1 and who agreed to get a colleague from behind bars? Thank you, %p1, I'll remember it. By the way, did you hear that a traitor is being searched for? I think it's %m3, a very suspicious personality. It's a pity I haven't got time enough, but I know exactly how to check him. You want to know? Well, that's simple. %m3 has awful memory, so he has to put down everything. His wife, %b1, keeps the notes and I could secretly steal them from her if I was to take up this matter. %a1.
10506 Thank you for keeping me company, %p1! It's quite dangerous in these woods. Hey! Hands off, or I'll tell my husband! %b1.
10507 Well done, %p1! After all, %m3 was the second on my list. But now, thanks to these notes, he can be removed from it. The traitor is obviously not him. Let's come back to the original plan. Attack the Thieves guild! These criminals have long deserved a good thrashing. Meanwhile, I'll see if they are ready for the attack which only you and I know about, as well as %a1. Bring me minimum 10 ears of Thieves. %m1.
10508 Well, Thieves were obviously unprepared for the attack, your onslaught was a surprise to them. We'll have to remove them from the suspicion list. The only one left is %m4. Let's try and resort to cunning. You told me about the Thieves sign that %z1 had. Go to the blacksmith %m5, he can make you anything. When you have the sign, you will go to %m4 and try to find out something. %m1.
10509 The sign is ready, %p1! I bet %m4 will never tell it from the real one. %m5.
10510 Ah, you've come. I haven't seen you before, have I? Got the money? No?! Then go and kill this %m1 by yourself! My services cost you too little even when you pay. Take you poison back, I won't do anything before I see my money. %m4.
10511 The traitor's found! Well done, %p1! No, don't stain your hands. Our hangman can handle him. The sixth stage in the guild is yours as soon as you have brought me 100 ears of villains, a standard test for this stage. As for the sword seized from the traitor, it will be an additional reward for you. %m1.

121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup
