10000 D
10100 Do you want the second step in the hunters guild? It's just a laugh! I visited your wife while you were hunting, and what did I see in your house? Not a single head of a serious monster on the walls! You should spend more time hunting, %p1!
10101 For a start, it would be nice if you get your head around %z1. This is a very beautiful and fast monster, and it will decorate your living room. %m1.
10200 An experienced hunter knows how to survive in the forest for a long time. Let's test your abilities before we can talk about the third step in the guild.
10201 If you suddenly find yourself without weapons and arrows, you should be able to feed yourself. Here's a list of plants, bring them to me, and I'll teach you how to cook a good stew from them - the secret of our guild. %m1.
10202 To survive in the forest, a hunter needs fire. Bring me 20 armfuls of firewood, I will teach you how to make fire according to the method of our guild. %m1.
10203 Well, the main thing is that you are still a hunter, and you should be able to kill all sorts of dangerous creatures. %z1 - a worthy opponent, try to compete with him. If you can defeat him, the third step in the hunters guild is yours.
10300 Do you want to get the fourth step in the guild? You're lucky, I just have a task for you, %p1!
10301 There are a lot of wolves in the local forests. The locals, outraged by their outrages, promised to repay our guild generously if we rid them of this scourge by destroying 1000 wolves. We agreed, and each guild member has to bring 50 wolf tails. This is a chance for you to rise to the fourth step in the guild. %m1.
10302 Just these tails were not enough for us! Now everything is ready, take this letter and take it to the head of the local residents, %m2. He has to pay us, five percent of this amount is yours, bring the rest here, I'll take the thalers to the treasury of our guild. Count it, there should be exactly 3,000 thalers! %m1.
10303 Ha ha! Stupid hunters! Of course, I'm not going to pay you, I've never had that kind of money. Take my answer to the one who sent you. Out of my sight! %m2.
10304 This one is %m2 very pleased with himself, isn't it? But don't worry, he'll regret it very soon, when it's too late, huh! Their houses are constantly being attacked by robbers. Recently, they signed an agreement with the barbarian guild to protect against robbers. Fortunately, in one of our dungeons there is an ancient agreement between our guilds, according to which Barbarians have no right to help our enemies. Let's see how he sings %m2, left without protection. Show him the contract, I think he'll find the money right away. %m1.
10305 Damn the day I contacted your guild! Take your money and disappear.  he %m1 said that five percent of the amount is yours, so give him 2750 thalers. %m2.
10400 You have a steady hand and a sharp eye %p1, but to get the fifth step in the guild you will need to work on yourself.
10401 We Hunters belong to the alliance of Light Guilds, and sometimes we help our allies, for example, the Crusaders in their difficult task. It's time to use your art as well. Bring me 20 enemy ears %m1.
10402 Our alliance commitments have been fulfilled, and now it's their turn. Now is the time when typhon scales are especially strong. It can be used to make beautiful armor, and all Hunters, like our allies, are hunting typhons now. The norm for our guild is 25 scales per Hunter. %m1.
10403 Fine, you did it, which can't be said about our so-called "allies". They, you see, have declared typhons harmless creatures, and are trying to forbid us to kill them! Take this note of protest to the head of the Crusaders, his name is %m2. %m1.
10404 According to our latest data, typhons never attack first, and therefore, by killing them, you become villains in our eyes. We announce to you that we will not allow the murder of innocent people! Here's my answer, pass it on %m1. %m2.
10405 Have these stupid Crusaders got it into their heads that they can deprive us of a huge income item because of someone's whim? We need to scare them, bring me 20 ears of your enemies. We will send them to the Crusaders as an example of what happens to those who get in our way. %m1.
10406 We need a new strong ally. Perhaps the guild of Masters of Steel suits us. We once had a feud, and there are many prisoners from their guild in our dungeons. You will release one of them %a1 so that we can start negotiations with their guild. Your merits in this matter are considerable, and after this task, you will be able to be accepted into the fifth step in the guild. %m1.
10407 Thank you for getting me out of this dungeon, %p1! Take this letter to your master, %m1.
10500 The members of the sixth stage of the Hunters Guild are only great heroes. %p1 For all my good attitude towards you, I can't call you that. You will have to go in search of exploits, and I have a suitable task for you.
10501 Recently, there have been a lot of dragons in our area. It is very difficult to kill a dragon, and by bringing me 10 dragon teeth you will prove your skill as a hunter. %m1.
10502 Yes, it turned out badly. It turns out that the guild of Archmages, in search of the secrets of fire magic, bred dragons. You have destroyed their many years of work, now you will have to somehow resolve the conflict. I've talked to the head of their guild, %m2 and according to our agreement, you have to complete three of his tasks. Take my letter to him, do what he says, and come back. If the conflict is resolved, you will receive the sixth step in the guild. %m1.
10503 Ah, he appeared. Do not think that by destroying the fruits of our many years of work, you will get off easily! Here's your first assignment: A terrible one has settled in the dungeon belonging to our guild %z1! For reasons you don't need to know, this dungeon is very important to us. Go there and cleanse him of evil spirits! When you're done, print out this package, there are further instructions. %m2.
10504 If the dungeon is released from %z1, you can proceed to the second task. One of the most promising students of our guild %b1 was kidnapped by villains. Fortunately, she managed to escape, and now she is wandering somewhere in the woods. You are a Hunter, and it should not be difficult for you to find her and take her to the nearest portal. %m2.
10505 %p1... I heard you do what he tells you %m2. But since this is my uncle, you will do what I tell you. Those worthless villains who kidnapped me: I hate these bastards. Bring Uncle 20 ears of these scoundrels, otherwise I will make sure that your service never ends with us! %b1.
10506 Okay %p1, here's your last assignment. Here is a list of components, they are very necessary for my magical experiments. Bring them to me. %m2.
10507 Three tasks have been completed, and I have no complaints about you personally. But according to the dragon compensation agreement, your guild was supposed to pay us half a million thalers. %m1 I haven't received anything from you yet, so you pay. %m2.
10508 Okay, I've drawn up an official letter of reconciliation, take it %m1, and we'll consider peace between our guilds restored. %m2.
10509 You've done a good job %p1, and you may well qualify for the sixth step in our guild. A simple test - and you will get what you want. Just kill %z2 - it will be your best trophy. %m1.
121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup