10000 M

10100 The main duty of novice necromancers from the lower stages of our guild is to help their teacher in everything and making attempts to understand at least the small bit of his wisdom.
10101 I urgently need as much of scorpion stings and spider legs as possible. Bring them to me, and I will teach you how to make a good poison from them. If you succeed, I'll accept you to the second stage of guild. %m1.

10200 Oh, I'm glad to see you, %p1. Are you looking for any dangerous adventures, as I heard? Is that not you? It doesn't matter. I have a suitable task for you. A little-known necromancer by name of %a1 wrote many years ago the magic book, in which he described the secrets of the revival of Great Dragons. I need this book!
10201 %a1 was killed, and his laboratory was ransacked. But recently I came over the track of this book. It is stored in the basement of one rare books merchant. He refuses to sell it for any money, so you should obtain it without the consent of the owner. Basement is guarded by monsters, be careful. %m1.
10202 Excellent, %p1, I knew that you'll manage! Now I will revive a pair of dragons, and you should urgently find %b1 - a well-known tamer. I need her in my new army of dragons which will help me to conquer the entire Sphere! Accompany %b1 to teleport and promise her anything so she would agree. %m1.
10203 All right, I will work for your guild. Here is a contract upon my conditions, I will start the training as soon as %m1 will sign it. %b1.
10204 Cursed %a1! How could I be so inattentive! Do you ask what has happened? %a1 protected the book from other magicians, and after the first application of its spell, the book was destroyed... It was a great success that I remained alive... What a shame for me! If you are going to take a next stage in the guild, you'd better hold the tongue about this accident. Nevertheless, I have a success in resurrection of one dragon. Destroy it in order to hush up this matter. %m1.

10300 Do you want to become the necromancer of the fourth stage? The secrets of life and death cannot be understood for free, and the existence of the Restless is far from holiday. You have to work hard enough in order to deserve a place in our guild.
10301 One of my most promising novices, %a2, was recently confined within the cave under the guard of monsters. It was made by the false denunciation to %a1, who will be still examined. So set %a2 free now! %m1.
10302 Thank you, %p1. My discharge will help to avoid large problems threatening our guild! The foul sneak %a1 arranged a trap for me, so I could not report to the management of guild about the conspiracy prepared against us. In this letter I wrote down everything I know, please, deliver it to %m1 immediately. %a2. 
10303 A letter by %a2 informs about the conspiracy of three guilds: crusaders, inquisitors and bandiers. To learn details, I need the ear of one member of each of these guilds.
10304 Excellent, I have learned everything I need. The coalition of bright guilds wanted to stir up the terrible monster against us. They are bringing him up in the secret cave. His name is %z1! Fortunately, I learned about this in time. %z1 is rather weak now for you to destroy it. After this, busy yourself with this swindler %a1, who made the plan of our enemies nearly successful! You will bring his head to me, and I'll take you to the fourth stage of our guild. %m1. 
10305 ...After this, busy yourself with this swindler %a1, who made the plan of our enemies nearly successful! You will bring his head to me, and I'll take you to the fourth stage of our guild. %m1. 

10400 Greetings, %p1. I know, you are here to talk about the fifth stage of our guild... I am sorry, but there are more important deals taking place now. One of the most respectable masters of the guild was killed, and important documents came into the hands of our enemies from the union of bright guilds... I'm afraid, some unpleasant charges threaten to us on the council of guilds.
10401 However, you can hasten your adoption into the guild, if you help me to solve this problem. For the beginning, it's necessary to punish the killers of master, and at the same time all hypocrites with good karma. You see, the vengeance is not in the traditions of our guild, and dead master is not less useful for us than alive one, but such attacks cannot be left unpunished. He was killed by inquisitors and crusaders. 10-20 ears of members of these guilds will force them to think twice the next time. %m1.
10402 Excellent work, %p1! I did not waste my time too, and ascertained something about the disappeared documents. They were given for the storage to monster %z1, who may hide himself in the cave near here. It's unlikely that he stores them on himself, but you will be able to knock out a truth from him about their location. %m1. 
10403 Hrrrr... I am killed, but my secret will die with me, poor man... %z1.
10404 Yes, it's a pity that %z1 turned out to be so intractable. But you're right, we will be able to learn the secret with a help of this brain. I will move it into a body of one of our masters, and with its help we will force %z1 to tell everything to us. To achieve this, I need a lot magic herbs, so you need to ramble through the forest to find them. %m1.
10405 While I am working, do not waste time. I am going to make a journey soon, and I will need light and comfortable armors. Find me something suitable. %m1.
10406 I learned everything that's necessary for us, the keeper of documents is bandit %a1. But cowardly mean soul %z1 could take the control over the body of master and ran away. Now he hides himself in the surrounding forests, and his location is known only approximately. Find him, but do not kill on no account! Deliver him to the nearest teleport and send to me. Then find %a1, take away the documents and deliver to me. After this, I will consider you worthy of promotion. %m1. 
10407 ...Then find %a1, take away the documents and deliver to me. After this, I will consider you worthy of promotion. %m1. 

10500 Only a few are worthy to know the dark secrets of Highest necromancers. One of such secrets is the production of the invisibility ring. However, before you learn this secret, you need to pass through some trials. %m1. 
10501 For the beginning, I'll give you a simple task. Merchant %m2 had to send to me some components for my magic experiments. Unfortunately, last time this locality became extremely dangerous and messengers of %m2 refused to deliver goods here. I cannot travel in this appearance; therefore you should bring me everything I need. I will give you a list. %m1.
10502 Oh, I am always glad to be useful for such clients as %m1! So, let's look what I have... Well, everything is ready! Considering the personal discount for you, the price is 450000 tallers. What? %m1 did not give you money? Sorry, %m2, but I do not sell on credit. 
10503 Well, quite another matter! Take, please, I have packed everything. Bring the packet to %m1 as soon as possible, but hurry up, in order that the worms and the larvae of scolopendra did not croak on the way. %m2.
10504 Excellent, %p1! I hope, you had no problems with %m2? What? What money?! Stop talking about the low substances while standing by the gates of greatest secrets of the necromancers' guild! Those larvae and other ingredients that you have brought will be necessary for preparing the artifact. But first you have to find the basis for the ring. Magic rings are made not of any piece of iron, and we aren't such a good blacksmiths; therefore we should use someone's work... Recently the nearest storage of blacksmiths was seized by monster named %z1. While the blacksmiths are training a detachment to knock him out from there, you may rapidly find out the situation there, and find a template for the ring. Hurry up, so that blacksmiths would not leave you behind! %m1.
10505 Excellent, %p1! I hope, you had no problems with %m2? What? What money?! Stop talking about the low substances while standing by the gates of greatest secrets of the necromancers' guild! Those larvae and other ingredients that you have brought will be necessary for preparing the artifact. But first you have to find the basis for the ring. Magic rings are made not of any piece of iron, and we aren't such a good blacksmiths; therefore we should use someone's work...Recently the nearest storage of blacksmiths was seized by monster named %z1. While the blacksmiths are training a detachment to knock him out from there, you may rapidly find out the situation there, and find a template for the ring. Hurry up, so that blacksmiths would not leave you behind! %m1.
10506 So, we have a ring, and it's time to give it the properties of invisibility. So... Hmmm... It seems I have forgotten the spell... But it doesn't matter, find our keeper of ancient rolls, %a1, and ask him for an appropriate roll. Now he is gone to forest for incomprehensible reasons. %m1.
10507 I am in great danger, %p1! The members of one clan swore to kill me since I refused to show them my records. If you are able to protect me from them - I'll share my roll with you. Since I cannot appear in the crowded places, I will hand the roll to my good friend, %m3, and as soon as you will prove him that I am out of the danger, he'll return the roll to you. %a1.
10508 Yes, %a1 told about you. Well, take your roll and try not to lose it. The way to %m1 is rather dangerous. %m3. 
10509 While I will read the spell, you should procure the horn of unicorn. Finished ring should be submerged into the powder of this horn. I think you worked hard at this task, and although I will not give you the ring, you will get the sixth stage in the guild of necromancers! %m1.

121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup


