10000 H
10998 Our profession is very dangerous, %p1. You have to be nimble and fearless to succeed.
10999 To get the second stage, you will have to kill the %z1 head of the flock of flyers. %m1.
10100 Our profession is very dangerous, %p1. Agility and fearlessness are necessary for us to succeed.
10101 To get the second stage, you will have to kill the leader of the local flyers by name %z1. It takes agility rather than strength to defeat a flyer, so this is a good test for you. %m1.
10200 A capable thief must have many skills. It's not enough just to steal a thing - you need to be able to sell it, and if that's not possible, then hide it.
10201 We'll take care of a treasure trove not far from here. Its owner, %m2, is away now, and no one will bother you: no one except the packs of evil spirits that live there. %m1.
10202 Now it would be nice to hide the package, in case you are suspected. I know a great dungeon. It is occupied by monsters led by %z1. If you manage to smoke them out of there, you won't find a better place for a hiding place. %m1.
10203 You can't sell the stuff you took away so easily, and we don't need it. The best way in this situation is to offer the stolen to the owner himself. Plant %m2 this ransom note, but without him seeing you! After that, we will assume that the task is completed, and the third step in the guild is yours. %m1.
10300 The task for obtaining the fourth step I will give you is unusual. I want you to steal for me not some trinkets, but the soul of a great one %a1. This greatest thief of the Sphere lived hundreds of years before us... The powerful magicians of that time, enraged by his successful deeds, gathered together and imprisoned his soul in a precious stone.
10301 I am sure that owning this stone, we will be able to communicate with the spirit %a1, and find out how he managed such complex thefts. The stone is stored in the treasury of a collector not far from here, go there and get it for me! %m1.
10302 That's bad luck, after you left, I found out that a %a1 Thief can't touch a stone with a soul, otherwise his soul will be released! Apparently that's what happened, and now the soul is %a1 floating somewhere unknown. Urgently run to %m2 - he is an excellent magician, versed in necromancy, and will help us find the soul %a1. %m1.
10303 Good magic costs good money, %p1! Of course I will %a1, but the costs will be high. In addition to some plants, we will need 20 typhon scales. By the way, don't forget about my fee - half a million thalers. %m2.
10304 I discovered that the spirit %a1 possessed %z1 one of the local monsters. It is unlikely that he will want to go back to the stone, so get ready for battle. After that, you will move to a new level of mastery. %m2.
    
10400 Most of the guilds hate us and are jealous of our wealth. Some openly persecute and destroy us. We are especially pestered by the Crusaders, who equated us with the monsters of the Sphere.
10401 First of all, I want you to bring me 30 enemy ears. %m1.
10402 Wonderful, %p1. While you were completing the task, I managed to get all the information about the Sword of Courage - an ancient artifact and the greatest shrine of the Crusaders. When we steal him, we will get a peace agreement from them that is beneficial to us. The sword is heavily guarded, but we will solve the problem. Take this conditional sign to my first assistant, %m2. He will be your partner in this operation. %m1.
10403 Yes, the job will not be easy! I analyzed the situation, and realized that the only way to get a sword is to put the guards to sleep. I've already made arrangements with a local alchemist by name %m3. For 200,000 thalers, he will make us a drug capable of putting the entire garrison to sleep. %m2.
10404 It is impossible to make a truly strong drug without unique components. If you want to get a really strong elixir, we need the powers of a magical creature - a Messenger of Death. This powerful monster has a dream charm, and his head will be very useful to us. One of the Messengers is %z1 just nearby. %m3.
10405 I made an elixir, %p1! Now your task is to make sure that the guards get it. I recommend talking to their chef, %m4. Give him the drug, and he'll figure out how to use it better. %m3.
10406 I'll help you since I sent you %m3, but only in exchange for a small favor. My friend, %a1, was imprisoned by the Crusaders, but managed to escape. Now he wanders through the fields and hides from them, but this can't go on forever. Take him to the nearest teleport, protecting him from Crusaders and other misfortunes along the way. Meanwhile, I'll mix your elixir with the guards. %m4.
10407 %a1 safe, the guards are neutralized. You can go to the dungeon where the Sword is kept.  I %m1 've been waiting for him. %p1.
10500 To enter the sixth stage of the Thieves Guild, you must commit not just theft, but theft, which the Sphere has not yet known, and also useful for our guild. We have long wanted to get a Claw Ring - an ancient artifact that allows the owner to take the form of cyanos.
10501 Imagine how such an ability would be useful in our craft! However, getting a Ring is not easy. First you need to talk to its creator, his name is %m2. He doesn't like the representatives of our guild too much, so take these fake documents, they will be useful to you.  will %m2 not distinguish them from the real ones. %m1.
10502 Hello, %p1! Are you interested in a ring that I once made? Yes, it is a unique item. The customer was very afraid of thieves, and took care of the protection of the ring in advance. In addition to the fact that he built a maze with a bunch of traps specially for him, he asked me to build powerful charms into the ring itself that will kill anyone who tries to take it without using a counter spell. In addition, he hired the most experienced warrior in our area for protection- %m3! By the way, I haven't seen him for a long time. I would like to send him a message, but there is no one with whom... what? Are you just going to those parts? Well, please give him my letter. %m2.
10503 Yes, I am the head of the Security Squad, %m3. What's in there? A letter from an old friend! I am very glad... What do you say, historian, are you interested in old rings? Well, since you came from my friend %m2, I'll tell you about the Claw Ring. Alas, I will not be able to see it, firstly, I cannot risk my job, and secondly, the Ring will kill anyone who touches it, except the owner. This is a spell cast by %a1 a great wandering magician. He often wanders through the surrounding forests and plains in search of sources of magical energy, such as teleporters. %m3.
10504 Near the teleports, my body is filled with magical energy: Thank you %p1 for bringing me here. Are you interested in the counterspell for the Claw Ring? It's pretty simple, and any run-down alchemist, even a local charlatan, will be %m4 able to make you an elixir. Take this recipe and give it to the alchemist. %a1.
10505 With customer recipes - double the price. In addition, the components listed here are extremely rare, and you will have to get them yourself. So, the list is: casadour, melvera, physical protection powder. And don't forget my 300,000 thalers for the job! %m4.
10506 Damn, this one %a1 can't write at all. Only now I have sorted it out, at the very end of the recipe it is written that all components should be cooked not in the usual solution of Amilus, but in the blood of a well- %z1 known monster. Get it, or it won't work. %m4.
10507 The elixir turned out to be a little strange... It dissolves glass, and even corrodes my alchemy furnace a little bit. I'm not even talking about ordinary bowlers. But it doesn't seem to be dangerous for living beings, so I'll use it on you, and get rid of the remnants. By the way %p1, we used a very strange recipe. Don't think I'm as stupid as he says I am %a1. I know what this elixir is for. Don't be afraid, I won't betray you. I have another plan. You will get your ring, and I will solve my problems! You see, the owner of the ring is reputed to be a man who loves all sorts of curiosities. A special monster is imprisoned in one of his dungeons, %z2. He does not look like individuals of his breed, much stronger, angrier and smarter than them, even mastered the human language. Unfortunately, it was captured in my house, and it serves as living proof that I conducted alchemical experiments on monsters, which is strictly forbidden by the king of the Sphere. . I gave you enough power to destroy it. He has the ring, grab it, and give it to your mentor %m1. %m4.
10508 Ha! What kind of Thief are you if you steal a Ring to give it to someone... Just an errand boy. Although you were able to beat me, but I'm glad that the trophies from this victory will not go to you! In general, if I were you, I would order a %m2 duplicate ring from you, but I would keep the real one for myself. %z2.
10509 Ah, you're back, %p1! How are your historical studies? What? Make a copy of the ring for your collection... It's good that you brought the billet... Of course, of course... I won't be able to endow it with magical properties, but it will look exactly the same. %m2.
10510 How did you say the ring was subjected to a spell, and does not work?.. Yes, it is really strange... But I believe you, it's definitely the same ring, I've seen it hundreds of times in drawings. Well, to join the sixth stage of the guild, it remains only to make an entrance fee of one million thalers. I hope you managed to steal enough, hehe. %m1.
121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup