10000 N

10100 I'm glad to see you again, %p1! To be a bandier of the second step, you should be able to orientate on a ground.
10101 Recently, my friend %a1 has lost in a wood. If you will manage to find him - the second step in our guild is yours. %m1.

10200 Welcome, %p1. Our guild had a small problem, and if you help, I will intercede for your increase in our guild. In the last battle the Great Flag of Bandier`s guild has strongly suffered.  To restore it your help is required. 
10201 Some rubies and diamonds were embroidered at the arms of our guild. A part of them is lost now, and your first task is to bring missing stones. %m1.
10202 Former Great Flag was processed by a blood of a dark blue dragon that made it difficultly vulnerable for our enemies. This time the dragon should be stronger. One of such, by name of %z1, just was seen recently by local inhabitants. Find %z1, and bring to me his blood. %m1.
10203 And the last. The really great master is necessary for repairing the Flag, such as %a1. Recently he lives as a hermit, in woods nearby. Find him, accompany to the nearest teleport, and send to us. We will be able to induce him to help us. If you will cope, %p1, the third step in our guild is yours. %m1.

10300 All Bandiers, for a reception of the fourth step in our guild should pass the school of fighting arts belonging to %m2.
10301 This rule is without exception, go to %m2 and do not come back without a diploma of school. I'll give you my recommendation. %m1.
10302 Welcome to School, %p1! Alas, I can not simply take and accept you. Wishing to study - more than enough, especially after a contract with your guild, ha-ha... Test for you - to kill awful %z1, hiding in a dungeon nearby. %m2.
10303 Welcome to School, %p1! Alas, I can not simply take and accept you. Wishing to study - more than enough, especially after a contract with your guild, ha-ha... Test for you - to kill awful %z1, hiding in a dungeon nearby. %m2.
10304 Well, I congratulate you, %p1! Now you are a pupil of my school, your number is 469. You will come once a month, and in any three or four yearsyou will receive the diploma. What? You can not wait so long? Of course, we have an intensive courses... But it costs at a considerable price. Thus, don't beat about the bush. Bring me 300000 tallers, take away the diploma, and vanish from my sight. %m2.
10305 Take your diploma, %p1! Give it to %m1, and he will upgrade you in the guild. %m2.

10400 Bandiers, not enough thinking about their protection, carry a banner uniting their army! Only a few is enough deserving it, and even less people deserve to be Bandiers of the fifth step!
10401 Do not take offence, %p1, but you do not look ready for this honour. It is not enough force and fighting spirit... However, among all my pupils - I have a special attitude to you, and I'll help you. Take into account, it is closely associated with magic, that is why you should keep it a secret. Here is a letter, bring it to %m2, he will tell you what to do further. %m1.
10402 So, a force and a fighting spirit... I know a sense in these affairs, you see, I am the largest supplier of magic elixirs in these territories.  %m1 himself never would become a master without my help. We'll start with an elixir of force. Take into account, my services are not free-of-charge. Therefore I`m waiting for you here with alchemical components and hard cash tallers. Here is the list. %m2.
10403 If the matter has been limited to usual ingredients - I was simply one of alchemists, which are thousands in the Sphere. But my elixirs - are unique, and you will come to extract blood of %z1, for I could finish an elixir. %m2.
10404 R-r-r... What I have done to you, untermensch, if you have killed me?  I live silently in my dungeon, and never bothered people. What? My blood is necessary for an elixir of force? You seem to know a little about it... The only that I'll tell to you before my death: %m2 - is miserable charlatan and swindler. His elixirs are suit only for drunkards in Bangwill's tavern. %z1.
10405 Have you really believed %z1?! I am a well-known alchemist! What? Remove the sword!... All right, all right. An elixir is absent... But, you felt, that you became stronger, after the murder of %z1? So I will not return you money. Accept my official apologies. %m2.
10406 It seems, that %m2 has passed all the borders! Just think, he pulled the wool over my eyes, He will not get rid with empty apologies! Listen attentively, %p1. Almost all herds of mammoths in district belong to this swindler %m2. They trod crops and bothered already everyone on continent. Until this time they were under our protection, but now, %m2 will receive a lesson. Destroy this creatures as more as possible, and bring me their tusks. Only after that I'll upgrade you in the guild. %m1.

10500 Banner, that you carry in fight, %p1, is a reference-point for our soldiers and a target for our enemy. Therefore you should be able to repel an onset of the strongest opponents. You will prove, that you deserve the sixth step in our guild, having resisted against three most dangerous monsters in Hyperion.
10501 First of them is %z1, the air cyanos, who destroyed not one dozen heroes, who tried to strike him. Go and come back with some proofs of his death. %m1.
10502 You said, %z1 had this note with my name? What could it mean? I think, we can find it out with a help of any magic guilds which are able to look into the secrets of past and future. My friend %m2 is a former head of guild of Arhimagics, and I think, he will assist us. I'll give you a letter to him. %m1.
10503 Hi, %p1. I will help my old friend, %m1, with pleasure, but every magic requires a lot of alchemical components. To learn the secret of %z1, I need some claws of cyanos, forves, jelena and some of tin. %m2.
10504 It seems, that %z1 was employed for murder, and his aim was %m1! The customer of murder is a strong magician, and my magic can not see through his protection. Probably, the stronger magician, such as %a1, could learn more. Do you ask, where can you find him? Of course, in his personal vault, in surroundings of the awful monsters, which are raising there. %m2.
10505 You have killed monsters which I raised for years, and now you ask me to be involved into the problems of your guild? However, all right, I'll help you. The person you are seeking, is hiding in the woods nearby. I'll show you on a map, where you should go. %a1.
10506 You have killed monsters which I raised for years, and now you ask me to be involved into the problems of your guild? However, all right, I'll help you. The person you are seeking, is hiding in the woods nearby. I'll show you on a map, where you should go. %a1.
10507 What a coincidence! In indicated place, you were waited by  monster %z2, the very one whom you should overcome in the second step of your test! And he had my name again! It is obviously a part of collusion against me. Most likely, the mysterious customer of my murder is %a1 himself. Clear up everything about him from our secret service woman, %b1. Now she is on a  task somewhere in the woods. Find her. %m1.
10508 For a long time I watch closely for %a1. Long ago he was expelled away from our guild because of excessive passion for magic. Now, probably, he decided to avenge our masters. Annihilate him, and bring %m1 his head. I'll show you a place, where he`s hiding now. %b1.
10509 Excellently, %p1, there is no danger, and you quite deserve the sixth step in our guild, but rules are rules... Under the Regulations, I can not accept you, until three dangerous monsters will be destroyed. However, %z3 - is not the most dangerous opponent, and after all your adventures, I think, you   will overcome him easily. %m1.

121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup

