10000 K
10100 Remember %p1, a real master blacksmith spends time not only in the workshop. To get a really rare item, you will have to walk many miles around the Sphere in search of alchemical components.
10101 To get a step in our guild, you will have to show what you are capable of. Here is the formula with which you can do %i1. If you succeed, you will get 2 steps in the guild of Blacksmiths. As you can see, the components are extremely rare, but I believe you can do it.
10200 Our craft is very difficult, and sometimes the components for weapons are very strange. I'm just creating a very unusual sword, and I need a couple of special components for it. If you bring them to me and you don't mess up anything, I recommend you to the Council of Elders to get the third step in our guild.
10201 The first is the Bangville toadstool. It grows only in dungeons, but not in all: Her appearance has something to do with monsters, so it's never easy to get her. %m1.
10202 The second is an ancient scroll that my friend keeps %m2. Take this letter and he will give you the scroll. %m1.
10203 Wow, the old man %m1 remembered about me! It must have needed something. A scroll? Of course, of course: And %m1, as always, I forgot to mention that I don't do charity work. An ancient scroll is an expensive thing, and I will not sell it for less than 30,000 thalers! %m2.
10204 Fine, my sword will be the best on the continent! You've done a great job%s1, %p1, and you can count on my recommendation to get the third step. Take this book, this is the charter of our guild, get acquainted, sign on the last page and give it to me. A formality, nothing can be done. And accept this sword from me. This is one of my unsuccessful experiments, but it may well be useful to you, at least as a role model. %m1.
10300 You have mastered%s1 art of making simple objects quite well, %p1. However, to get the fourth step in the guild, this is clearly not enough. It won't work: although, if you do the Council of Elders a favor, maybe they'll make an exception for you.
10301 Recently, the daughter of one of the Council members got lost in the forests of our continent. This place is teeming with dangerous monsters, but the seer magicians assure that she is %b1 still alive. Find her and take her to the nearest portal. %m1.
10302 Thank you %p1, you saved my life! My father and I are your debtors, and we will definitely help you in getting 4 steps in the guild. I wrote a letter saying that everything is fine with me. When he %m1 reads it, he will give you all possible help. %b1.
10303 What, and said: "all possible help"?  You %b1 seem to have forgotten that I am not omnipotent, and only one of the ten members of the Council is on your side. But perhaps we can get some more votes. The fact is that he %m2 owed five of our elders a large sum, and fled the city. They probably won't be able to bring him here, and the Council doesn't approve of murder. But you are strong enough to beat out of him an obligation under which his relatives will pay the elders. %m1.
10304 Okay, okay! Don't touch me, I'll write you a commitment! You can take him to this robber %m1. %m2.
10305 Fine, most of the Council members are on our side, but you still have to pass the exam. Here is a formula with fairly rare components. Make the item specified in it, and bring it to me. Then the fourth step in the guild is yours. %m1.
    
10400 Do you want to get the fifth step in the guild? It's very simple - prove your skill - get a step.
10401 The time has come when you can be entrusted with the secret of creating our formulas. First, let's create a framework. Here's the list of components, bring them to me so we can get started. %m1.
10402 Well, the base is ready. Our formulas are almost eternal, due to the fact that instead of ink we use the blood of a special breed of niphons. One of them, his name is %z1, you can find over there. %m1.
10403 Master %p1: You defeated me in a fair fight, and I will tell you the secret of the one who sent you here to my destruction: In a distant dungeon, my friend %a1 has several letters that he wrote to the %m1 heads of hostile guilds. If you manage to get them and hand them over to the Council of Elders of your guild, then the traitor will %m1 get what he deserves!.. Do it for the sake of the welfare of your guild and the peace of my soul... %z1.
10404 Did he call me a friend? I was just his prisoner, destined to tell him stories during the long nights of the Sphere! Well, I hope I'm free now? Here, take these letters I was talking about %z1, I don't need them. I recommend taking them to the %m2 head of your guild. %a1.
10405 The damned traitor %m1! I knew one of us had sold out to the enemy, but I didn't think it was him. However, we need indisputable evidence.  he %m1 has many patrons in the Council, and if he claims that the letters are fake, someone can take his side. While I'm looking for more evidence, take this letter %m3, he's the oldest member of the Council, and his presence is necessary. By the way, forget all the fairy tales I told you %m1 about creating our formulas. It was just an excuse for you to kill the %z1 friend and protector of our guild. %m2.
10406 Fine, I'll come to the Council, but the road there is long and dangerous. Do me a favor, go to my basement and find my old sword among the junk there. Bring it to me and I'll be ready to go. %m3.
10407 While you were walking, I %m2 sent a new order for you. In order to bring %m1 to light, a witness is needed. We won't find a living witness, so you'll have to bring the ear of some Gunsmith, preferably from the leadership of their guild, who knows about the betrayal %m1. With the help of the ear, the Council will summon the spirit of the Gunsmith, and hopefully he will be able to testify. Don't waste any time. As soon as you get an ear, carry it %m2. Besides, we conferred and decided that after this task you are quite worthy of the fifth step in our guild. %m3.
10500 Greetings, %p1. You will get the sixth step in the Blacksmith guild, but only when you complete my task. It concerns a %a2 skilled Blacksmith and the main supplier of alchemical components for our guild.
10501 Recently, when we came for alchemy, we met %a2 strange creatures and mysterious people hiding their faces near the house. And the other day he %a2 disappeared, his house is open, and there are no signs of a struggle. I have no idea what this means, so your task is to find out everything about this case, and find out %a2 if he is still alive. To get started, go to %m3, he's a neighbor %a2, and maybe he saw something. %m1
10502 For some time now, he has %a2 been talking about finding the secret of making some kind of super-strong artifact. I don't know what exactly he was doing, he didn't tell me. Maybe his student %a1 is aware, but he disappeared the same night as %a2. However, people said they saw him %a1 running into the woods, as if devils were chasing him. Perhaps it was. In any case, your only chance to find out what happened is to find him in the forest, take him to a safe place, for example to a teleport, and ask him a good question. %m3.
10503 On that terrible night, terrible monsters, controlled by assassins and barbarians, broke into our house. These two guilds would give anything in the world to get possession of the artifact they were making %a2. He managed to find the secret of the famous Ring of Invisibility - an ancient artifact of the Sphere, lost many years ago. Now the Master is in their hands, and I do not know what we can do. Perhaps personal records %a2 that are stored in a distant dungeon under the protection of monsters will help. Take them %m1, he is wise and will be able to advise how to proceed. %a1.
10504 The Ring of Invisibility! It must not be allowed to fall into the hands of our eternal enemies, the Assassins. Can you imagine what they will do if they are invisible? So, %a1 he says that the Barbarians helped them? I think we can handle them, because they are heavily dependent on our armor supplies. I'll talk to the head of their guild, and in the meantime, bring me 30 enemy ears. Here's a thread for 30 ears. I hope the next time I see you, the thread will be full. %m1.
10505 Fine, %p1. I also did not waste time in vain, and the barbarians admitted that they participated in this operation. %a2 alive, and kept under guard in the dungeon. As the barbarians said, he was tortured and gave out the secret of the Ring. The secret was passed on to a %z1 half-man who was once a member of our guild, but was kicked out in disgrace for betrayal. Now he is in the service of the Assassins, and is quite capable of making a Ring. It must be found and destroyed as soon as possible! %m1.
10506 %z1 destroyed, but %a2 still in the hands of the Assassins. When they found out about the death %z1, they forced him to work for them. Perhaps the ring has already been made. Urgently release %a2! %m1.
10507 You're on time, %p1. I just finished my work, and if you had come later, the ring would have been in the hands of the Assassins. Take it, and take it %m1. I've suffered enough because of him. %a2.
121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup