10000 E
10100 If you have chosen the path of the Archmage, then do not expect it to be easy. To get the second step in the guild, you will have to deal with a %z1 terrible monster, almost invulnerable to physical attacks.
10101 However, a strong magician is able to defeat him. If you are a strong magician, go ahead. If not, then you don't belong in the second stage. %m1.
10200 Our guild has a lot of enemies, and the main duty of third-stage magicians is to guard the supreme Archmages. You will be accepted only if you prove that you are able to cope with our enemies.
10201 The first task is to destroy enemies. Bring me 20 ears.
10202 The Thieves Guild is constantly annoying us by stealing our mantras and other records. I found their next hiding place in a dungeon nearby. A lot of documents stolen from us are stored there. Go there and bring them to me. %m1.
10203 We should not forget about these half-witted sorcerers. They dare to think that giving magical properties to things is something supernatural. In fact, this activity is simply not interesting for a real Archmage. Take this sword to the %m2 head of the Sorcerers Guild. I personally gave it magical properties that they never dreamed of. %m1.
10300 No, don't ask me for the fourth step! I'm in a rage right now, and I'm completely incapable of thinking about anything but this scammer %z1.
10301 %z1 - this is a famous cave monster that can speak the language of the Sphere, and gets out of his dungeon at night to steal something. And it should happen that my squad was just passing by. They were bringing me a very valuable item - an ancient book of the Four Elements, written by the Weaver himself! Now she is in our hands %z1, and until we return her, do not dream of raising the level. Go to the Hunter %m2, and find out where he lives and how to catch %z1! %m1.
10302 You've come to the right place, %p1. I once dreamed of getting a head %z1 in my collection, so I know everything about him. But you know, hunters are not rich people... No, you don't need money. Bring me some weapons, and some silver and gold to decorate it. %m2.
10303 Fine, I'll show you where %z1. His cave is not far from here. I hope you will be able to return the stolen. %m2.
10304 The most insignificant of people! What did you achieve by killing me? Anyway, the Book of Elements is not here... I gave it to my brother, %z2. %z1.
10305 Well, finally, I have the book... Now take this letter %m3, and it will be possible to accept you into the fourth stage of the guild. %m1.
10400 A very strange incident happened recently. The Great Archmage was %a1 going to conduct some experiments in his tower. Shortly after the start, an explosion thundered, destroying the tower, and everything around. We all, of course, regret the untimely death %a1. But, to be honest, I'm more interested in the secrets that he hid in his tower.
10401 Go there and find out everything you can. Looters have already worked there, but the basement of the tower has been preserved perfectly, and no one has entered there, as it is filled with evil spirits. If you find anything interesting in the basement, bring it here as soon as possible. %m1.
10402 Um, a diary %a1... Read it... Very interesting. Here he %a1 writes about three artifacts that were in the tower, and now, apparently, in the hands of looters. The first is the elixir of life. We were lucky %a2 - the man who stole it from the ruins of the tower is now in prison with the Inquisitors, for some other crime. Get him out of there and take the elixir from him. Perhaps he will tell you about the fate of the other two items, and perhaps I will find out something myself. %m1.
10403 Uh, yeah, sure, thanks for getting me out of there! Inquisitors do not have much developed hospitality. Take the elixir, I don't really need it, I just took it because the bottle is beautiful. Is there something else? Yes, I saw a strange skull and an unusual glowing stone being taken away from there, but I won't share information with you for nothing. Don't forget, I'm being chased by Inquisitors, and I need shelter. %m2 helps people like me to hide, but his prices are royal. Take 100,000 thalers to him and don't forget to take a receipt. Then show it to him %m3, he holds a high position in our Thieves guild and will tell you about those who stole the other two artifacts. But mind you, I'll warn him not to talk to you without a receipt from %m2. %a2.
10404 %a2 Got into trouble again? Poor rascal! Okay, I'll help him this time. Give me the money, keep the receipt. %m2.
10405 Greetings to you, %p1!  He %a2 warned me about your arrival, and told me the names of the two Thieves who took the rest of the artifacts. I found out where they keep the stolen goods, and I sketched out a plan for you, in your supposedly secret language of Archmages. Haven't you studied it yet? Well, then turn to your mentor %m1, he will translate. %m3.
10406 Yes, these Thieves are really inventive in terms of hiding places! The mysterious skull was given for safekeeping %b1 - wandering through the forests of the Sphere of the Holy fool. Find her, take her to the nearest teleport and take the skull. %m1.
10407 The last item - a strange glowing stone was placed in the monster %z1. Destroy it, and bring me the stone. You've been running around a lot these days, but when you're done with it %z1, the fifth step in the guild will serve as a good reward for you.
10500 This happened about ten years ago. We have been trying for a long time to comprehend the secrets of transformations available to Barbarians and Druids. Our long-term research was crowned with success, but the next day the laboratory of the supreme Archmage was attacked. All the results of the work, including the key item - the Ring of Transformations were stolen by unknown persons. Now we don't know anything about the Ring except the name. To get the sixth step in the guild, you have to do us a really great favor. I will consider as such only the salvation of the guild from destruction, which does not threaten us now, or the return of the Ring to us, and the secrets of reincarnation with it.
10501 First of all, find out about the Ring from those who understand them. Naturally, these are blacksmiths. On that ring, according to the testimonies, there was a brand %a1. Go to him and try to find out something. Take a letter of recommendation stating that you are acting on behalf of our guild. %m1.
10502 The old one %a1 hasn't been working here for a long time. When he lost his mind, I bought his forge, and now I work here. They say his mind was eclipsed by a great magician when he made some kind of super-valuable artifact.  He %a1 's still alive, but you're not going to get much use out of him. He is often seen wandering through the forests not far from here. He doesn't say much, but according to rumors, near strong magical objects his mind clears up, and then he talks about this Ring of Transformations. %m2.
10503 Ah, %z1! You won't get anything out of me! I will take this secret with me to the grave! And... who?.. Friend, %m3! It would be better if you hide my notes with you. When I come for them, I will show you this sword so that you know that it is me, and not the villain reincarnated in me... %z1! Die, monster! ... %a1.
10504 Yes, we were friends once, %a1 and he gave me some of his notes for safekeeping, with instructions to give them to someone who would show me the sword that you brought. Unfortunately, they are stored in my old basement, where packs of evil spirits have been operating for several years. It won't be easy to get them. As far as I remember, they were encrypted with the ancient cipher of the Archmages, so you better take them to your mentor in the guild, he will be able to figure them out. %m3.
10505 Wonderful, %p1! You almost earned a promotion to the guild. It's a small matter: to find out what it is %z1 that he was talking about %a1, and to find the Ring, since the records I deciphered indicate that it is the central element of all transformations, and experiments are impossible without it.  It %z1 sounds like the name of a monster, so we need the help of a Hunter. We recently put one of them in a dungeon because he was poaching in our forests. I think if you release him %a2, in gratitude he will help you find out who he is %z1. %m1.
10506 %p1, my friend, I will never forget your service! I thought I was going to be lost in this gloomy dungeon. What? Are you interested %z1? At the Hunter School, we were told about him as one of the most dangerous monsters in the Sphere. He has the magic of reincarnation, and is devilishly strong. But I'm sure you can handle it. %z1 lives in the woods, not far from here. %a2.
10507 Why did you kill me, Archmage? After all, I served your guild faithfully! I've always followed master's orders %m4, for the glory of the Guild! I am dying, having fulfilled my duty. %z1.
10508 Well, finally, we have the ring. We can continue our experiments with the magic of Reincarnation. However, I am haunted by strange words %z1 spoken before my death. We need to find out who this one is %m4, whose orders he carried out %z1 "for the glory of the guild." I'll find out with one simple spell, but it needs a lot of alchemical elements. Bring them to me, but look, don't make a mistake! %m1.
10509 I found out who he is %m4! Many years ago, the head of our guild had an apprentice. He would have been a brilliant Archmage, but, driven by greed, he betrayed his master, and was expelled from the guild. His name was forgotten, and even all records about him were deleted from our archives. This happened a little earlier than the incident with the Ring. Apparently, he %m4 was aware of the experiments with the Ring, and thus took revenge on us. It was time for him to pay for everything. Destroy him, and take your well-deserved place in the sixth step of the Archmage Guild! %m1.
121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup