10000 -Revenge %m1a- While I was traveling on trade business, my house was attacked by a terrible %z1, evil monster that ravaged more than one village on Hyperion. What I've been saving up all my life has been destroyed. All I have left is revenge, and I will generously reward the one who brings me the head %z1, I swear, if it wasn't me %m1!
10001 Finding a monster is not easy, but my friend %m2 knows many magical secrets, and often helped to find people lost in the forests of Hyperion. I'll give you a letter to him, and for sure he will be able to help in the search for the monster. %m1.
10002 Oh, a letter from an old friend! Of course, I can find anyone! However, I don't often have to look for monsters. I am missing some alchemical elements.: Bring them to me and I will find the one you need. Here is the list. %m1.
10003 Woe is me, this place is becoming more and more dangerous! While you were looking for alchemical components, my laboratory was attacked by robbers! They took my notes and kidnapped my assistant, %a1! Fortunately, I have some elixirs left, and I have already found out that he was imprisoned in a dungeon nearby. Save him, I can't help you without an assistant. %m2.
10004 Thank you, you saved my assistant, but without my notes I am powerless: Wait, there is still hope! My archives are stored in a distant dungeon on Hyperion. Bring them to me and we'll find out where the monster is! %m2.
10005 Well, the monster is found!  He has %z1 long been boring all of us with his outrages. Bring his head and he will %m1 reward you. %m2.
10100 - Blacksmith %m1- Listen, kind %p1, what a grief I have. My only niece, %b1, was returning here from a long journey with a merchant caravan when they were attacked by robbers! As they say, many traders were killed, but many fled and disappeared into the forests. I hope %b1 among those who managed to escape! If you find her, you will know what the real gratitude of a blacksmith-wizard is and %i1 to boot! %m1.
10101 Eyewitnesses told me where the attack took place, if you have a map, I will mark this place. Good luck to you, %p1! %m1.
10102 Thanks for helping me out, %p1! Give this letter to my uncle, %m1 so that he knows that I'm all right. And also, accept the gift - this is a ring in memory of me. %b1.
10103 Well, traveler, I will thank you, as promised! You're lucky-I'm the best blacksmith in these parts. My magic swords are famous on all continents of the Sphere! I'll forge you a wonderful weapon, but you'll have to get some components. It's impossible to get them in our city... These metals are needed for the basis of magical weapons. %m1.
10104 To make the weapon really durable, I need a tooth %z1. This monster has been living for almost 3,000 years, but his eye is still sharp, his hearing is thin, and his teeth are strong. The best swords of the Sphere, including the royal one, are made from the powder of these famous teeth! Of course, under such circumstances, you %z1 have almost no teeth left, so get ready for trouble. Mind you, without a tooth, a %z1 good weapon will not work. %m1.
10105 I hasten to make you happy - the basis of the weapon is ready, it remains to add a little magic! I use these plants in my magical brew, the secret of which has been passed down from father to son for twelve generations of our family. Bring me these plants and the artifact is yours! %m1.
10200 - Vegetable garden %m1a- I have a goat in my garden, known as %z1. He ate all the cabbage, the bastard. We should get rid of him. I see you have a badge of the sanitary service, so get started. Money?! Forget it! It's your responsibility! My name %m1 is not "burdock"!
10201 Well, what are you standing for, right %z1 now in the garden. Beat the kid! I drew you on the map where to go. %m1.
10202 Um, I see you're good at beating up all sorts of evil spirits. Perhaps we can assign you a serious task. Listen carefully: I had an underground warehouse on Hyperion. That's exactly what I was, because now there are packs of evil spirits operating there! Of course, what was stored in the warehouse cannot be returned... However, in the accountant's room there was a journal of my income in a hiding place. If it falls into the wrong hands, it will turn out that I have to pay 500,000 thalers to the treasury or the royal wrath will fall on me. Naturally, I'm not going to pay that kind of money. So get my magazine, bring it to me and you will get 100,000 thalers. Go ahead, but %p1 don't talk to anyone about it. %m1.
10300 - Negligent %a1- Greetings, I %m1 am the head of the torog guild of this city. Imagine, yesterday at dinner my slave %a1 spilled wine from the petals of the ferengon on me! It's not washed at all! Naturally, I could not leave such insolence unpunished, and I wanted to hang him, but he ran away and hid in his aunt %b1 's basement.  He %a1 must be punished, I will not be stingy so that he stops breathing! %m1.
10301 This basement is famous in the city - a real maze full of monsters and traps! It's a pity for me to send my warriors there to certain death, so an adventurer like you is suitable for me. Bring me %a1 to the exit, my warriors will be waiting there, and you will receive 1000 yandex units in thalers at the exchange rate of the Central Bank of the Sphere for the current day! I give you my word! %m1.
10302 Please don't give me away to the guards of that fiend %m1a! Is famous really %p1 just an accomplice of murderers? Yes, I know you %m1 promised good money for my head, but I'll tell you how to earn much more! Deliver this conditional sign to %m2 and you will find out the secret way to the cave where the great artifact - %i1 is stored! %a1.
10303 What, did you say you %a1 sent a message? Looks like it's not fake... Well %p1, I'll show you the way to the artifact known as %i1. It is stored in a very dangerous dungeon, which is quite a lot in the vastness of Hyperion. But this is perhaps the most dangerous of them, because it hides a terrible one %z1! But the treasure that he guards is worth all the dangers. I think you are the hero who is destined to own it! %m2.
    
10400 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
10401 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
10402 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family valuables, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
10403 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
10404 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
10405 I already wanted to throw out this bubble as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
10406 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
10407 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
10500 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
10501 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
10502 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family values, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
10503 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
10504 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
10505 I already wanted to throw out this bottle as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
10506 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
10507 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
    
10600 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
10601 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
10602 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family values, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
10603 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
10604 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
10605 I already wanted to throw out this bottle as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
10606 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
10607 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
10700 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
10701 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
10702 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family valuables, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
10703 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
10704 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
10705 I already wanted to throw out this bottle as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
10706 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
10707 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
10800 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
10801 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
10802 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family values, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
10803 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
10804 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
10805 I already wanted to throw out this bubble as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
10806 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
10807 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
10900 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
10901 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
10902 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family valuables, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
10903 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
10904 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
10905 I already wanted to throw out this bottle as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
10906 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
10907 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
11000 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
11001 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
11002 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family values, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
11003 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
11004 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
11005 I already wanted to throw out this bottle as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
11006 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
11007 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
    
11100 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
11101 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
11102 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family values, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
11103 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
11104 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
11105 I already wanted to throw out this bottle as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
11106 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
11107 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
11200 Greetings to you, %p1! The time is coming... a new time... predicted long ago... I still have some pages of ancient scripture that can shed light on what is happening today. I am already too old, and my eyes do not see well for me to make out the text. I am ready to share the writings with you if you bring me a dragon heart!
11201 As they say, the dragon is not a friend to the hero, and in order to get a heart you will have to work hard. Remember, your weapon is not afraid of him. But do not despair, even though I am old and blind, but I can still make a sword that can pierce his skin! To do this, I need the blood of three great dragons who lived on Tantalus in ancient times and terrified the whole of Hyperion. The blood of the first dragon is stored in the grave of the hero who killed him, deep underground, and guarded by evil creatures. But I believe you can handle them. Good luck! %m1.
11202 Great! The beginning is laid. The blood of the second dragon, I know for sure, is owned by the %a1 last heir of the great dragon hunter. Recently, his family has become impoverished, and, as far as I know, he is now in a debtors' prison... However, he keeps all the family values, including the dragon's blood. I think if you free him and tell him what you need blood for, he will %a1 give it to you. %m1.
11203 Thank you, %p1! I didn't even hope that someone would save me! What are you saying? Are you going to get the dragon's heart? I hate these creatures and I will gladly help you! Here you go!  Take it as quickly as possible %m1. Death to the dragons! %a1.
11204 Yes! This is exactly what I need! The last component remains, and I can make you a weapon. I was told that our local collector by name has the blood of the third dragon %m2. According to rumors, he does not know what value he has, so if you conduct the conversation correctly, you will get the dragon's blood without much expense. %m1.
11205 I already wanted to throw out this bottle as unnecessary trash! I don't know why you need it... Although I am a collector and a merchant, I will give you this for free. %m2.
11206 Great, all 3 components are assembled, and here's your sword. It's a small matter. Find the dragon, and bring me his heart! Remember, the dragon can only die from this sword! I hope I'll see you again. %m1.
11207 What did you bring me?! I asked you to bring the dragon's heart! Only it prolongs my life... Hmm, and the key seems to be magical! Take this, I cleaned it, now it has regained its magical properties. That'll be 10,000 thalers. What? There is no such money? Then just sign the receipt. %m1.
11900 Greetings to you, %p1! Needless to say, our world has always stood on the edge of the abyss, but what was revealed to me from the prophecy of the Great Demon is not comparable to all the misfortunes of the past and present. I can not give an interpretation of what is coming to the end: Help me %p1, and I will share with you not only knowledge.
11901 I am sure that the evil that threatens us is directly related to the research of Francesco De Orco. I need his works, which disappeared along with his dead disciple in an ancient crypt. The creatures living there will not miss the opportunity to fill their stomachs at your expense, but I am sure you will cope. Good luck! %m1.
11902 Wonderful, all the names and dates match! This will help to avoid mistakes in interpretation. Wait a minute: Unfortunately, there is not a word here about the essence of the rituals and methods implied in the legend. Nothing, it doesn't matter. An old friend of mine has been %a1 studying De Orco's research for a long time and will be happy to share his materials. If my memory serves me correctly, he has now gone on an expedition in search of Francesco's diaries. Find him and ask for the papers for me. He owes me, so there won't be any problems. %m1.
11903 Thank you, %p1! I've already decided that this expedition is the last one in my life. What are you talking about, who sent you? Well, now that I owe my life to his messenger, instead of one debt, I owe two. Of course, I'll do whatever it takes! Here are the papers I asked for %m1 - give them back and please don't tell him what position you found me in. %a1.
11904 Yes! This is exactly what you need! I have very little left to fully understand the predictions. While I'm working on this further, I want to ask you about one more thing. Anyway, I am sure of the authenticity of the scroll of prediction, but this can only be proved by having a copy of the signature of the soothsayer.  He %m2 can make a certified calligraphic copy from the originals he has. Bring it to me. %m1.
11905 Is this madman recognized as a visionary? It's strange, I've always been skeptical about his whole family. Yes, of course I will make a copy, especially since it is difficult to come up with a more uncomplicated signature. %m2.
11906 I was right. The signatures are identical. And this is very sad, the essence of the prediction is so terrible that it is impossible to delay for more than a minute. Take this tool, it is enchanted against demons. Kill the fiend and bring me his head. With the help of the head, I will conduct the necessary experiments and try to find salvation for all of us. Be careful, %p1! %m1.
11907 Yes, you did a great job. The head, though damaged, is quite suitable for experience. I need to get started, and you get ready for events that will shake all continents. Take this key, I have kept it for many years, but only now am I beginning to fully understand its purpose. He will give you much more than you can imagine, but he will also demand a lot from you. %m1.
12000 Greetings to you, %p1! Needless to say, our world has always stood on the edge of the abyss, but what was revealed to me from the prophecy of the Great Demon is not comparable to all the misfortunes of the past and present. I can not give an interpretation of what is coming to the end: Help me %p1, and I will share with you not only knowledge.
12001 I am sure that the evil that threatens us is directly related to the research of Francesco De Orco. I need his works, which disappeared along with his dead disciple in an ancient crypt. The creatures living there will not miss the opportunity to fill their stomachs at your expense, but I am sure you will cope. Good luck! %m1.
12002 Wonderful, all the names and dates match! This will help to avoid mistakes in interpretation. Wait a minute: Unfortunately, there is not a word here about the essence of the rituals and methods implied in the legend. Nothing, it doesn't matter. An old friend of mine has been %a1 studying De Orco's research for a long time and will be happy to share his materials. If my memory serves me correctly, he has now gone on an expedition in search of Francesco's diaries. Find him and ask for the papers for me. He owes me, so there won't be any problems. %m1.
12003 Thank you, %p1! I've already decided that this expedition is the last one in my life. What are you talking about, who sent you? Well, now that I owe my life to his messenger, instead of one debt, I owe two. Of course, I'll do whatever it takes! Here are the papers I asked for %m1 - give them back and please don't tell him what position you found me in. %a1.
12004 Yes! This is exactly what you need! I have very little left to fully understand the predictions. While I'm working on this further, I want to ask you about one more thing. Anyway, I am sure of the authenticity of the scroll of prediction, but this can only be proved by having a copy of the signature of the soothsayer.  He %m2 can make a certified calligraphic copy from the originals he has. Bring it to me. %m1.
12005 Is this madman recognized as a visionary? It's strange, I've always been skeptical about his whole family. Yes, of course I will make a copy, especially since it is difficult to come up with a more uncomplicated signature. %m2.
12006 I was right. The signatures are identical. And this is very sad, the essence of the prediction is so terrible that it is impossible to delay for more than a minute. Take this tool, it is enchanted against demons. Kill the fiend and bring me his head. With the help of the head, I will conduct the necessary experiments and try to find salvation for all of us. Be careful, %p1! %m1.
12007 Yes, you did a great job. The head, though damaged, is quite suitable for experience. I need to get started, and you get ready for events that will shake all continents. Take this key, I have kept it for many years, but only now am I beginning to fully understand its purpose. He will give you much more than you can imagine, but he will also demand a lot from you. %m1.
12100 Greetings to you, %p1! Needless to say, our world has always stood on the edge of the abyss, but what was revealed to me from the prophecy of the Great Demon is not comparable to all the misfortunes of the past and present. I can not give an interpretation of what is coming to the end: Help me %p1, and I will share with you not only knowledge.
12101 I am sure that the evil that threatens us is directly related to the research of Francesco De Orco. I need his works, which disappeared along with his dead disciple in an ancient crypt. The creatures living there will not miss the opportunity to fill their stomachs at your expense, but I am sure you will cope. Good luck! %m1.
12102 Wonderful, all the names and dates match! This will help to avoid mistakes in interpretation. Wait a minute: Unfortunately, there is not a word here about the essence of the rituals and methods implied in the legend. Nothing, it doesn't matter. An old friend of mine has been %a1 studying De Orco's research for a long time and will be happy to share his materials. If my memory serves me correctly, he has now gone on an expedition in search of Francesco's diaries. Find him and ask for the papers for me. He owes me, so there won't be any problems. %m1.
12103 Thank you, %p1! I've already decided that this expedition is the last one in my life. What are you talking about, who sent you? Well, now that I owe my life to his messenger, instead of one debt, I owe two. Of course, I'll do whatever it takes! Here are the papers I asked for %m1 - give them back and please don't tell him what position you found me in. %a1.
12104 Yes! This is exactly what you need! I have very little left to fully understand the predictions. While I'm working on this further, I want to ask you about one more thing. Anyway, I am sure of the authenticity of the scroll of prediction, but this can only be proved by having a copy of the signature of the soothsayer.  He %m2 can make a certified calligraphic copy from the originals he has. Bring it to me. %m1.
12105 Is this madman recognized as a visionary? It's strange, I've always been skeptical about his whole family. Yes, of course I will make a copy, especially since it is difficult to come up with a more uncomplicated signature. %m2.
12106 I was right. The signatures are identical. And this is very sad, the essence of the prediction is so terrible that it is impossible to delay for more than a minute. Take this tool, it is enchanted against demons. Kill the fiend and bring me his head. With the help of the head, I will conduct the necessary experiments and try to find salvation for all of us. Be careful, %p1! %m1.
12107 Yes, you did a great job. The head, though damaged, is quite suitable for experience. I need to get started, and you get ready for events that will shake all continents. Take this key, I have kept it for many years, but only now am I beginning to fully understand its purpose. He will give you much more than you can imagine, but he will also demand a lot from you. %m1.
12200 Greetings to you, %p1! Needless to say, our world has always stood on the edge of the abyss, but what was revealed to me from the prophecy of the Great Demon is not comparable to all the misfortunes of the past and present. I can not give an interpretation of what is coming to the end: Help me %p1, and I will share with you not only knowledge.
12201 I am sure that the evil that threatens us is directly related to the research of Francesco De Orco. I need his works, which disappeared along with his dead disciple in an ancient crypt. The creatures living there will not miss the opportunity to fill their stomachs at your expense, but I am sure you will cope. Good luck! %m1.
12202 Wonderful, all the names and dates match! This will help to avoid mistakes in interpretation. Wait a minute: Unfortunately, there is not a word here about the essence of the rituals and methods implied in the legend. Nothing, it doesn't matter. An old friend of mine has been %a1 studying De Orco's research for a long time and will be happy to share his materials. If my memory serves me correctly, he has now gone on an expedition in search of Francesco's diaries. Find him and ask for the papers for me. He owes me, so there won't be any problems. %m1.
12203 Thank you, %p1! I've already decided that this expedition is the last one in my life. What are you talking about, who sent you? Well, now that I owe my life to his messenger, instead of one debt, I owe two. Of course, I'll do whatever it takes! Here are the papers I asked for %m1 - give them back and please don't tell him what position you found me in. %a1.
12204 Yes! This is exactly what you need! I have very little left to fully understand the predictions. While I'm working on this further, I want to ask you about one more thing. Anyway, I am sure of the authenticity of the scroll of prediction, but this can only be proved by having a copy of the signature of the soothsayer.  He %m2 can make a certified calligraphic copy from the originals he has. Bring it to me. %m1.
12205 Is this madman recognized as a visionary? It's strange, I've always been skeptical about his whole family. Yes, of course I will make a copy, especially since it is difficult to come up with a more uncomplicated signature. %m2.
12206 I was right. The signatures are identical. And this is very sad, the essence of the prediction is so terrible that it is impossible to delay for more than a minute. Take this tool, it is enchanted against demons. Kill the fiend and bring me his head. With the help of the head, I will conduct the necessary experiments and try to find salvation for all of us. Be careful, %p1! %m1.
12207 Yes, you did a great job. The head, though damaged, is quite suitable for experience. I need to get started, and you get ready for events that will shake all continents. Let %m1 this key, I have kept it for many years, but only now am I beginning to fully understand its purpose. He will give you much more than you can imagine, but he will also demand a lot from you. %m1.
12300 The request of Santa Claus.
12301 %p1, I am very tired and my throat is dry from thirst, please bring me some water to drink. My daughter Daria will help you find water, she should be at the forest lake. Here's a note for her.
12302 Oh hi %p1, I didn't expect to see you here. You say my father sent you to me? Unfortunately, I can't give you water, there was a disaster, %z1 spoiled all the water in my lake. I beg you %p1, go and find this bastard, maybe he has some kind of antidote. I think I can guess where he's hiding.
12303 Trouble, Trouble on all of you, you beat me, but you won't get away with it... Thank you for not finishing me off, for this here's an antidote for you, so be it, I'll give it to you, it will heal the water from the infection. Take it to this girl.
12304 Oh thank you, that %p1 's what it takes, now the water is cured of the poison. Unfortunately, while you were in the dungeon, robbers stole my sister Medaria. I heard that the robbers were saying that they were going to go to Tantalus. Please find her and take her to the exit on Tantalus Island, near the village. Hurry up, she might get killed.
12305 Thank you for bringing me to the exit. My relatives live on the island of Tantalus. You will find my friend Svetlana there, talk to her.
12306 Thank you for helping Medarya get to the village, she wouldn't have been able to do it herself. I heard from one of my good friends, a magician, that the recent monster attacks on cities are due to the fault of a certain hermit magician De Vlados, yes, it is him! I remember he was expelled from the guild in disgrace for some offense. Since then, he began to conduct terrible experiments, it is said that he even tried to write on the forum and change his essence, become a great dragon. Find him and deal with him, then come to me. Oh, yes, look for him on Charon, in the Yonga area.
12307 Thank you for helping Medarya get to the village, she wouldn't have been able to do it herself. I heard from one of my good friends, a magician, that the recent monster attacks on cities are due to the fault of a certain hermit magician De Vlados, yes, it is him! I remember he was expelled from the guild in disgrace for some offense. Since then, he began to conduct terrible experiments, it is said that he even tried to write on the forum and change his essence, become a great dragon. Find him and deal with him, then come to me. Oh, yes, look for him on Charon, in the Yonga area.
12308 %p1 Now your brave prowess is known to everyone, but, I remember, you wanted to bring some water to old Santa Claus. Here, take this, bring water to him. I hope he will give you something. Oh, yes, I almost forgot, they say that amazing beads began to appear in the Sphere, bring three beads to your Grandfather, please the old man, he, I remember, asked me about them.
12400 %p1, my dear, my grandmother has run out of all supplies for witchcraft, and the winter is going to be harsh. They say that a month ago amazing beads began to appear on earth, I don't know if this is somehow related to the rituals of increasing experience or not, but a neighbor told me that these beads really well enhance the benefits of spells. I ask you to collect me more beads and some supplies for the winter, and I will reward you with something tasty.
12401 Collect the necessary items to get the reward.
12500 Welcome! I think I've seen you somewhere before. Well, to the point. Rector De Breuil, the head of the guild of magicians, instructed me, as a matter of urgency, to investigate the animals of this world. I can't figure out where the urgency comes from! I can't cope with this myself, and therefore I ask you to bring me a wolf's tail, a pair of scorpion stingers and typhon scales, I will not remain in debt!
12501 Collect the necessary items to get the reward.
12600 If you talk to me, %p1 your courage and strength knows no bounds, otherwise we have nothing to discuss! The other day, King Katun signed a decree that anyone who brings proof of victory over the dragon and other smaller creatures will receive a reward from His Majesty. The decree also says that you need to bring a few more pieces of some magical particles, in the common people of beads, but this is not a problem for you, you will find them on the way to the dragon. I can give you a reward, but only if you bring me the necessary things. Good luck, %p1!
12601 Collect the necessary items to get the reward.
12700 The Roguish Epistemon
12701 Unprecedented heat, right, %p1? Magicians and sophists say that it is the troubles of the outer worlds that are reflected on us. But of course, sensible people do not believe these troublemakers, just as they do not believe in some kind of external worlds. Our small business is not to let ourselves dry out. Imagine, now the wells are drying up, the rivers are shallowing, and the huge reserves of good monastery wine are sour in the caches around the castles (some of which were monasteries before, as you know). I know of one such hiding place, but I'm unlikely to be able to get there myself - my years are no longer the same. I'll show you the place on the map, and we'll split the income in half. Yes, make sure that my brother Rondibilis doesn't find out about it - the inquisitors will immediately take everything "for the needs of the church." %m1.
12702 How empty is it? It can't be! You say there were only these scrolls? Let's see what's in there... Wow, here among the pieces of paper is an old royal warrant for receiving 50 barrels of monastic! Look, the year is 7941... One movement of the pen, and the current year will be. Don't be shy, you have an inkwell. That's it, now this Brother Jean, the keeper of the cellar, is obliged to give you the wine. Find him and consume every last quart. %m1.
12703 Who sent you? Where does this warrant come from? What impudence! Yes, even if this scribble were real, you won't get even half a glass from me-because I'm standing here for the sole purpose of preventing parasites and royal henchmen from entering my cellar. As a member of the Guild of Inquisitors, I accuse Epistemon Dipsod of forgery! Give him my note - at his choice tomorrow he can appear for execution in boiling oil, or pay me a fine of 200 thousand thalers. %m2.
12704 Oh, I knew we'd get into trouble. How can I get 200 thousand - I'm not as rich as my brother... By the way, he is an inquisitor and has the right to pardon! But he would rather see me in boiling oil. However, there is something that can appease him. Rondibilis is assembling components for some kind of magical artifact. He especially needs the stings of scorpions, but not of any kind, but of a particularly rare breed, of which there are only a dozen left in the world. And I just know where one of them lives - get his sting, Rondibilis will agree to help me for him. Don't leave me in the lurch, and I'll share something from my stock - I have a really unusual drink, the only thing that helps me in this heat. %m1.
12705 This lazy guy is always looking for benefits where others are fleeing without looking back... Someday I'll get tired of pulling him out of scrapes. But today, so be it, I'll help him. And you, at the same time, since you are involved in this case. Your gift is very useful, I need the stingers of this rare species. But you know, right now only one thing is of great value - magic beads, which again briefly appeared in our world. Bring me at least half a dozen and I'll write out an indulgence for the Epistemon. %m3.
12706 Here, I wrote it. Go to the Epistemon, and tell him that next time he will not get off so easily. I personally am not going to risk my reputation in the guild because of him anymore. %m3.
12800 Studies of Rondibilis
12801 My long studies of ancient manuscripts have been crowned with success! Now I know how to solve the thirst problem once and for all... I almost know. To complete it, I will need the help of a warrior or a magician who is not afraid of dangerous adventures. You think you can handle it, %p1? Well, then.. First of all, I need the help of an old man %a1 - he knows a lot of magical secrets that drove him crazy... Now he wanders through the forests of the Sphere and only near the sources of magic, like portals, his mind clears up a little. Find him, bring him to the portal and when you see that the old man is sane, ask him about the third component of the Refreshing Amulet. %m1.
12802 I see... I see the truth... I see you, %p1... I see the recipe for a Refreshing amulet - after all, I invented it myself many years ago... The drunkard Rondibilis will never guess that the third component is the heart of the Great Re-Tlen, the strongest dragon alive today... And if he does, who would dare to get his heart? Although... I see something... The dragon is defeated... I see... dead people... Here, take this and take it to Rondibilis... I think I borrowed a hundred thalers from him in the 7920th. %a1.
12803 Heh heh... Wow, the old man remembers about the debt... I'm not as stupid as he thinks-I not only guessed about Ri-Tlen, but more than that-I know how to kill him. Indeed, none of the existing heroes or even clans will defeat him in a fair fight. But every creature has a weak spot. A blade poisoned with the blood of Ri-Tlen's relatives would kill him in no time. There are not so many relatives of dragons, as you might guess, and they themselves are not a gift either... But still it's more realistic to cope with them. Not far from Nomrad lives the terrible Su-Rasa, the sister of Ri-Tlena. Poison the sword with her blood, use it for its intended purpose and bring me the heart. %m1.
12804 ...Indeed, none of the currently existing heroes or even clans will defeat Ri-Tlen in a fair fight. But every creature has a weak spot. A blade poisoned with the blood of his relatives would kill him in no time. Poison the sword with the blood of Su-Rasa and bring me the heart of Ri-Tlen. %m1.
12805 To complete the reaction, I only need three dozen magic beads that have recently reappeared in our world. Here's a little of our family secret drink in advance so that you don't get thirsty during your search. %m1.
12900 The Mysterious Portal
12901 Greetings to you, %p1! You already know about the monster attacks from the mysterious portal that appeared recently north of the road between Bangville and Sunpool, near the crater. These monsters have invaded the whole of Hyperion! If this goes on, they will soon settle in our cities. Fortunately, Jack Aylshatter, a well-known expert on the interaction of worlds, has already gone in search of the reasons for the invasion and set up camp near the portal. Go, take this package of provisions to him, and find out what he could find out about the misfortune.
13000 We congratulate you on the men's holiday,<br>Which we celebrate together on the twenty-third of February!<br>After all, this is the day of the defenders of the country,<br>And we sincerely wish you everything!<br><br>I will be glad to give the gift<br>if you collect the magic word.<br>And you need to look for letters for it,<br>From mobs that have been familiar to everyone for a long time.
121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup