10000 J
10100 Remember %p1, a real master gunsmith spends time not only in the workshop. To get a really rare item, you will have to walk many miles around the Sphere in search of alchemical components.
10101 To get a step in our guild, you will have to show what you are capable of. Here is the formula with which you can do %i1. If you succeed, you will get 2 steps in the guild of Gunsmiths. As you can see, the components are extremely rare, but I believe you can do it.
10200 Our craft is very difficult, and sometimes the components for weapons are very strange. I'm just creating a very unusual sword, and I need a couple of special components for it. If you bring them to me and you don't mess up anything, I recommend you to the Council of Elders to get the third step in our guild.
10201 The first is the Bangville toadstool. It grows only in dungeons, but not in all: Her appearance has something to do with monsters, so it's never easy to get her. %m1.
10202 The second is an ancient scroll that my friend keeps %m2. Take this letter and he will give you the scroll. %m1.
10203 Wow, the old man %m1 remembered about me! It must have needed something. A scroll? Of course, of course: And %m1, as always, I forgot to mention that I don't do charity work. An ancient scroll is an expensive thing, and I will not sell it for less than 30,000 thalers! %m2.
10204 Fine, my sword will be the best on the continent! You've done a great job%s1, %p1, and you can count on my recommendation to get the third step. Take this book, this is the charter of our guild, get acquainted, sign on the last page and give it to me. A formality, nothing can be done. %m1.
10300 You have mastered%s1 art of making simple objects quite well, %p1. However, to get the fourth step in the guild, this is clearly not enough. It won't work: although, if you do the Council of Elders a favor, maybe they'll make an exception for you.
10301 Recently, the daughter of one of the Council members got lost in the forests of our continent. This place is teeming with dangerous monsters, but the seer magicians assure that she is %b1 still alive. Find her and take her to the nearest portal. %m1.
10302 Thank you %p1, you saved my life! My father and I are your debtors, and we will definitely help you in getting 4 steps in the guild. I wrote a letter saying that everything is fine with me. When he %m1 reads it, he will give you all possible help. %b1.
10303 What, and said: "all possible help"?  You %b1 seem to have forgotten that I am not omnipotent, and only one out of ten members of the Council is on your side. But perhaps we can get some more votes. The fact is that he %m2 owed five of our elders a large sum, and fled the city. They probably won't be able to bring him here, and the Council doesn't approve of murder. But you are strong enough to beat out of him a commitment by which his relatives will pay the elders. %m1.
10304 Okay, okay! Don't touch me, I'll write you a commitment! You can take him to this robber %m1. %m2.
10305 Fine, most of the Council members are on our side, but you still have to pass the exam. Here is a formula with fairly rare components. Make the item specified in it, and bring it to me. Then the fourth step in the guild is yours. %m1.
10400 Do you want to get the fifth step in the guild? It's very simple - prove your skill - get a step.
10401 The time has come when you can be entrusted with the secret of creating our formulas. First, let's create a framework. Here's the list of components, bring them to me so we can get started. %m1.
10402 Well, the base is ready. Our formulas are almost eternal, due to the fact that instead of ink we use the blood of a special breed of niphons. One of them, his name is %z1, you can find over there. %m1.
10403 Master %p1: You defeated me in a fair fight, and I will tell you the secret of the one who sent you here to my destruction: In a distant dungeon, my friend %a1 has several letters that he wrote to the %m1 heads of hostile guilds. If you manage to get them and hand them over to the Council of Elders of your guild, then the traitor will %m1 get what he deserves!.. Do it for the sake of the welfare of your guild and the peace of my soul: %z1.
10404 Did he call me a friend? I was just his prisoner, destined to tell him stories during the long nights of the Sphere! Well, I hope I'm free now? Here, take these letters I was talking about %z1, I don't need them. I recommend taking them to the %m2 head of your guild. %a1.
10405 The damned traitor %m1! I knew one of us had sold out to the enemy, but I didn't think it was him. However, we need indisputable evidence.  he %m1 has many patrons in the Council, and if he claims that the letters are fake, someone can take his side. While I'm looking for more evidence, take this letter %m3, he's the oldest member of the Council, and his presence is necessary. By the way, forget all the fairy tales I told you %m1 about creating our formulas. It was just an excuse for you to kill the %z1 friend and protector of our guild. %m2.
10406 Fine, I'll come to the Council, but the road there is long and dangerous. Do me a favor, go to my basement and find my old sword among the junk there. Bring it to me and I'll be ready to go. %m3.
10407 While you were walking, I %m2 sent a new order for you. In order to bring %m1 to light, a witness is needed. We won't find a living witness, so you'll have to bring the ear of some Blacksmith, preferably from the leadership of their guild, who knows about the betrayal %m1. With the help of the ear, the Council will summon the spirit of the Blacksmith, and hopefully he will be able to testify. Here's a thread, don't waste any time. As soon as you get an ear, carry it %m2. Besides, we conferred and decided that after this task you are quite worthy of the fifth step in our guild. %m3.
10500 A great danger threatens us all! The terrible monster is %z1 clearly sent to us by hostile guilds. He kills our masters one by one, and is invulnerable to any of our weapons. However, our spirit is unshakable, and the Council of Elders has created a formula for a new weapon that will break through any magical defense. It is called %i1.
10501 This is the most important task that has ever been assigned to guild members, so do not be offended that the Council wants to test you. Recently, the dungeon, which is used as a warehouse of our guild, was invaded by evil spirits led by %z2. Destroy it, and you will prove that you are not only a great master, but a valiant warrior, and then I will be able to entrust you with both the formula and the fate of our guild. %m1.
10502 Great %p1, you've proven%sx your military abilities. I hope that your abilities in our craft are not worse, and you will be able to make %i1. Take this letter and deliver it to the head of the Council. His name is %m2, and he will give you the formula and tell you what to do next. %m1.
10503 Hello, brave master! The Council has heard about your exploits for the glory of our guild. Unfortunately, failures haunt us! The formula was supposed to be delivered to me yesterday, but the courier who was carrying it was attacked by robbers.  A %a1 fast messenger and a good warrior, but there was nothing he could do. He is currently imprisoned in a dungeon. Fortunately, the robbers do not realize what an important load he was carrying. Free him as soon as possible, and find out what happened to the formula. %m2
10504 Thank you %p1, I owe you. Unfortunately, I was unable to deliver the formula on time.: I hope he won %m2 't judge me for what I did. When I realized that I was too tired to run away from the robbers, I gave the formula to the first peasant I met and ordered him to run in the other direction. His name was %m3, that's all I managed to ask him. Here is a letter with my coat of arms, he has seen it, and I hope he will recognize it. Hurry up! %a1.
10505 Well, I really have the formula. However, I did not risk my life so that this clumsy man %a1 could make amends to your Council. I need compensation for my suffering - at least 60,000 thalers! %m3.
10506 Take your formula. %m2 You can take her, or whoever's in charge. I looked at it, but I didn't understand anything, it must be encrypted. %m3.
10507 Well, we have the formula. Wondering why I'm not happy? It's a sad task I have to give you: Unfortunately, in order for a weapon to penetrate the magical protection that surrounds it %z1, it must contain the very spirit of our guild, of which you and I are the bearer. To save all of us, you will have to sacrifice one. Suicide, I think, is not part of your plans, so take this thread and bring me the ear of one of our guild members. %m2.
10508 I will prepare the spirit of the unfortunate to be transferred to the weapon, and it's time for you to show your skill as a gunsmith. Take the formula, I deciphered it, and make %i1 as it says. %m2.
10509 Well, %p1, %i1 is ready. I managed to put the soul of a murdered guild member into it. We're all counting on you. Bring me the head %z1, and you will receive the sixth step in our guild, you will be able to enter the Council of Elders, and you will learn the secrets of creating the most powerful weapons.
121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup