10000 F

10100 It's easy to join our guild, as we admit all warriors, but there is no place for weaklings even in the second stage! You and two others pretend to get the second stage.
10101 Prove that you are the best, bring me 2 ears of other Barbarians and 1 ear of a Steel Master! May Power and Fury be with you! %m1.

10200 Third stage in the guild? You don't look strong enough for it. But if you think you are already prepared, I'll offer you a task. Kill a couple of sturdy beasts and the third stage is yours.
10201 Well, to begin with, destroy %z1. This is quite easy, so I am waiting for you with its head as soon as possible. %m1.
10202 Fine, here is a more complex task. A dangerous monster, %z2, is hiding in a far-away dungeon. It's already helped me get rid of a few losers who were cheeky enough to demand the third stage â our guild. Now its your turn to show what you can. %m1.
10203 Damn armorer! He palmed off a sword on me I've broken with my hands! Have you met him on the road? I am unlucky to have to stick here while the damn charlatan is going! I am furious and I won't promote you in the guild until I see 10 ears of that armorer breed here! %m1.

10300 My good friend, %a1, was stabbed in his back on a road not far from here. I am not in the mood to talk about promotions in the guild until he is revenged.
10301 %a2 was passing by not far from the scene. I put him into a dungeon, but I don't have the chance to duly interrogate him. Go there and interrogate him. I think dwelling in a dungeon with monsters has had a favorable effect on his talkativeness. %m1. 
10302 Oh, yes, I'll tell you everything I saw, just leave me alone! This was a usual Assassin who coveted the precious armor of %a1. I didn't tell it before because I was afraid of their revenge. Here's my evidence, bring it to %m1. %a2.
10303 Dame murderers! Sure, they are not going to give up the killer of %a1 to us. Well, so much the better! Our revenge will make them shudder! Bring me 30 ears of assassins. %m1.
10304 Fine, %p1, your action has been a success. The cowardly worms Assassins have started to talk about peace and are ready to give up the killer of %a1 to us. However, we should make sure it was really him. We'll need the witness, %a2. He is hiding somewhere in the local forests, afraid of Assassins' revenge. Find him and send to our castle by teleport, he'll be safe there. I know he is good at drawing, so let him portray the killer and we'll compare with the one Assassins will point at. %m1.
10305 Fine, %p1, your action has been a success. The cowardly worms Assassins have started to talk about peace and are ready to give up the killer of %a1 to us. However, we should make sure it was really him. We'll need the witness, %a2. He is hiding somewhere in the local forests, afraid of Assassins' revenge. Find him and send to our castle by teleport, he'll be safe there. I know he is good at drawing, so let him portray the killer and we'll compare with the one Assassins will point at. %m1.
10306 Well, everything agrees! It's him, the killer, %a3! Destroy him, but be careful: he masters magical transformation and usually takes the shape of a monster in battle. Once you've done away with him, the fourth stage is yours. %m1.

10400 You are not a neophyte in the guild and you know how useful our ability to turn into a wild boar can be. However, we would like to study the possibility of transformation into other animals. Do you know anything about the Ring of golem? This artifact enables one to turn into a golem without losing one's abilities.
10401 The council of our guild has made a decision you won't get the fifth stage until you find this ring for us. Its current owner is %m2. Go to him and beat the Ring of golem out of him. %m1.
10402 My friend, you won't even touch me unless you are crazy. Even if we forget about my own magical abilities, the whole neighborhood will come here running on my signal. I am very popular here, see. In addition, the King of Sphere favors me. Well, if you want to get the ring so, you'll get it. I've just got a job for a thug like you. Terrible %z1 has been devastating my lands all year. My patience is exhausted and I want to see its head here. %m2.
10403 Dogheads and wild boars constantly infringe on my dominions besides %z1. Too many of these nasty creatures have bred in our neighborhood, so you must decrease their numbers at least by 50 for each species. Rave Slotter is waiting for you here with proofs. %m2.
10404 Oh, I need to bring these documents to %m3 urgently. But I am unlucky to have to be here! Take them and hurry up or I'll suffer a loss. If this happens you can forget about the Ring. %m2.
10405 Well, tell me how that rascal %m2 is getting on. What? Do you believe all that rot he told you? Sure, the King of Sphere hasn't ever heard about %m2 and locals hate him. You'll cope with him easily. Here, bring him my answer and don't be so trustful. %m3.
10406 Eh: yes, sure, take the Ring: I just kidded a little: I think %m1 will be very glad to get it. %m2.
10407 Fine, %p1! We have the Ring and it would be good to test it on someone worthless. Bring me 10 ears of some rascals with bad karma, while I am arranging for your admission to the fifth stage of the guild. %m1.

10500 The highest stage in our guild is only given for great feats for the glory of power and fury. Unfortunately, no wars or great tournaments are running currently where you could show yourself. All I can advise you is to travel round dungeon, they often hide the start of great adventures.
10501 Try visiting this labyrinth. Whatever you find there, you won't be board anyway, 'cause it's stuffed with all types of creatures stupid enough to think they are stronger than us. %m1.
10502 Thank you, great warrior! With such great strength you could be useful to our: hum, organization. If you are looking for money or glory, take this letter and go to %m2. %a1.
10503 Hello, valiant %p1! Our organization: regulates: the power of guilds so that none of them destroy the others. More and more people are walking the path of violence and this worries us, like probably you, since you have helped the poor thing %a1 get out of the dungeon. For Sphere not to be stuck in violence, we have to resort to violence and you will be of great help if you join us in our cause and bring me 20 ears of Steel Masters. Sure, this is not too easy and you'll be generously rewarded. %m2.
10504 Fine, %p1! Yet the guild of Steel Masters is still to powerful. We'll make them much weaker if we find the personal notes of the head of their guild. They are kept in a dungeon and are guarded well, but I think this won't be a problem for such a strong person as you. %m2.
10505 Fine, the guild of Steel Masters will now be dest: weakened. Unfortunately, we'll now have to take up your guild, Barbarian. Barbarians have overcrowded all Sphere, they create death and devastation. You've shown yourself as a man who is interested in reward, not moral aspects, so I am giving you a very serious assignment. %m1 is the one we hate most in the guild barbarians. It's him who admits warriors to the guild and turns them into animals in the shape of humans. Unfortunately, I am realistic and I see that even a strong man like you cannot cope with him. However, no one's canceled good old poison. Take this flask. %m1 trusts you, so he will readily allow you to approach him. You next break this flask against him and the reward, 5 million thalers, is yours! %m1
10506 You've been right to give me this poison! I will personally pour it into the throat of this %m2! By the way, everyone within 10 meters would die if you use it, including you. But you've done well, %p1. You've revealed serious danger to our entire guild and we won't forget that! And now we'll destroy all their accomplices, one after another! The blood or our enemies on your blade is your pass to the sixth stage. First, find their alchemist, the one who made this poison. Death is too mild a punishment for him, so you better push him into the first broken teleport you find so his stinky soul hang eternally in emptiness. %m1.
10507 Fine, while you worked on the alchemist, I've been able to find out what kind of "organization" this is and who stands behind it. Miserable chickens assassins have decided we are too strong and made up their mind to resort to a solution typical of them - striking in the back! Revenge! Revenge and Blood await them! Go and bring me at least fifty ears of members of their guild! They are yet to wish they'd never been born! %m1.
10508 Hum, you told me they stole the personal notes of the head of Steel Masters? Well, it serves this blockhead right. But we mustn't make his mistakes. Our notes are also stored in a dungeon, guarded by slowwitted monsters. Bring them to me, we'll find a safer place. %m1.
10509 Well done, %p1! The guild is safe and your adventures are close to finish. Take this letter and bring it to the head of our guild - %m3. Only he is entitled to admit you to the sixth stage of the guild of Barbarians. %m1.

121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup
