10000 C

10100 Perhaps you deserve the second stage in the guild. But I'm not the only one who makes this decision, so you must talk to %m2, he deals with newcomers in our guild.
10101 Go to %m2 and give him my letter. If he will not have any objections, you can be accepted to the second stage in the guild of Inquisitors. %m1.

10200 Fair Justice for every criminal - this is our main dogma. You must reward scoundrels according to their deserts. You can get the third stage in our guild only if you succeed.
10201 Exterminate the evil always and everywhere, %p1! There are too many criminals wandering in our neighbourhood. Deliver us from at least ten of them. Besides, I have the special task. Druids do not obey the Sphere Law lately. They make settlings in their forests and give laws to people. This will not do, we must punish Druids and the clan which helped them. %m1.
10202 You performed retribution, %p1, not murder! However, our enemies always search for flaws in our work, that's why everything that has happened must be recorded and approved by Royal Supervision. You must go to the dungeon where our archive is kept, and bring the archive here. %m1.
10203 Our friends Hunters help us to fight evil in animal form. Unfortunately, they not always come in time. Terrible monster appeared in our neighbourhood, his name is %z1. Destroy him until it's too late. Bring me his head, the third stage in our guild already awaits for you.

10300 Being the Lord Chancellor of this district, I am busy enough and cannot look aside on you. Acceptance to the fourth stage in our guild is a long process. If you help me with my cases, perhaps I will have some time to help you.
10301 Now I have to make decision on the very knotty problem. Unfortunately, both sides obviously do not say everything. The Principle of Inquisitor is Fair Justice, and I must find out, what do plaintiff and defendant keep back. To begin with, we must interrogate %a1. He hides from judicial citation in the dungeon nearby, guarded by monsters. Take him out from there. %m1.
10302 What? I will not go to the court! If defendant's people see me, they will kill me immediately! Here, take my evidence and deliver it to %m1, and I will hide while I'm alive. %a1.
10303 Excellent!, now I know much more about the defendant, but plaintiff does not seem to be responsible either. We must bring him out into the open, by any means. It seems to me that case of stealing exaggerated by him is faked. I will detain him, and you take this letter written with his handwriting, it says that you are his friend and can be trusted. Deliver this letter to the plaintiff's wife, %m3, and ask her about this case. Yes, I know that it's unduly to falsify letters, but it would be worse if I convict the innocent. %m1.
10304 My husband writes that you can be trusted - that's great. He also writes that case is almost won, so it's time to take out the supposedly stolen things from the basement. Help me to do this, I'm afraid to go there because of evil spirits. %m3.
10305 Excellent, %p1! Now I will make the fair decision. I suppose you already can see through the criminals' lie, and you are ready to make efforts for reaching after the Truth. Consequently, the fourth stage in our guild is for you! But first you have to pass a simple examination - bring me 10 ears of scoundrels. %m1.
      
10400 Time has come to charge you with something serious. The witch %m2, who commited lots of misdeeds, will be punished at least. If you get the better of her, you will receive the fifth stage in our guild.
10401 It's not worthwhile coming to her without due preparation, or else she'll escape as she used to before. To begin with, find magical fetters that can hold her. Go to our clan's blacksmith, his name is %m3, he can help you. Give him my letter. %m1.
10402 Yes, I have something suitable for you. Unfortunately, the fetters are kept at the guild's warehouse, so you'll have to go there. Once you've found them, bring them to me and we'll add them magical properties, specially against %m2. %m3.
10403 I am not crazy about mantras, I prefer good old alchemy. To finish with these fetters, I need a few ingredients. I'll give you the list. %m3.
10404 The fetters are ready, %p1! Bring them to %m1 so he bless them in the name of Weaver! %m3.
10405 By the moment %m2 is arrested, everything must be ready. I recommend that you gather brushwood for the fire beforehand, not to spend time on that later. %m1.
10406 Fine, everything is ready for trial and execution! Go to %m2 and arrest her. The fifth stage in the guild is yours after that. %m1.
10407 By the law, I have the right to protection. I have a writ of protection signed by the Duke of Charon himself! Bring it to this upstart %m1.

10500 You've done perfect in our guild. But for last witch we have never been able to burn, your record is perfect. You probably deserve the sixth stage in the guild, but before you get it, you'll have to do a lot for the guild. 
10501 The High Council of the Guild and I want you to find the ring of wolf for us. This ancient artifact allows its owner to turn into a wolf. Given such an opportunity, we could penetrate gatherings of werewolves and other vermin, which no doubt would help us. Responsible for this operation in the guild is %m2, go to him. How soon you will get to the sixth stage in the guild, depends on his recommendation. %m1.
10502 Hello, %p1! I hope, your skills will be enough, as we are facing a difficult task. The ring of wolf no longer belongs to people, the renowned wolf king %z1 killed the magician who owned the ring many years ago and took it away. %z1 is very cautious, no one knows where he is hiding. We'll have to lure him from the forests with an affair requiring his personal attention. You'll have to kill all wolves you meet. I believe a loss of a hundred of subjects will make him crawl out of his shelter. Don't lose the tails of the wolves, they are in demand currently, bring them to me. %m2.
10503 Some hired hunters have told me your activities have been fruitful: %z1 has been noticed in the woods not far from here. This forest is currently encircled by our observers, so %z1 won't escape. He won't die as easily, otherwise someone else would have the ring of wolf now. %z1 is protected by powerful magic and only a special weapon can pierce his protection. Archimagicians who know what sort of weapon this is demand 1 million thalers for that secret. If we want to get the ring, we'll have to pay up. %m2.
10504 The archimagicians have disclosed me the place where the weapon is that can destroy %z1. This is a dungeon, it's full of monsters, so be careful. Get the weapon and come back here. %m2.
10505 A superior weapon, %p1! Unfortunately, it has been underground too long. It has to be refreshed now, as well as its magical properties. Luckily, I am familiar with this magic, so I'll fix this weapon quickly if you bring me some alchemical ingredients. %m2.
10506 Everything is ready for the battle. Hunters have absolutely precisely located %z1. Go there and come back with the ring of wolf. %m2.
10507 R-r-r: I am dying because of the r-r-ing, but don't think you'll get it so easily. I've hidden it. It's in r-r-eliable hands, the hands of a human: %a1. You'll never find him, but if you do, you'll never tell him fr-r-om a wolf, 'cause he wears the r-r-ing. And he is lost in the forest where I've br-r-ought him and he'll never find the way back, at least to the teleportation portal: Farewell, Inquisitor. You'll never have the r-r-ing of wolf! %z1.
10508 Thank you, %p1! I've lost hope to get out of this forest one day. Take this ring, I've owned it much longer than I would like to. I think you chief %m2 will be very glad to see it again. %a1.
10509 You've done perfect, %p1! I'll give you the best recommendation for %m1! You are truly a Great Inquisitor and I am sure hat in the sixth stage of our guild you will perform yet a lot of feats for the greater glory of the Weaver! %m2.

121212 Test of LoadMsgGroup
