1 Basics of alchemy (part three)
03 Basics of alchemy (part three)

TEXT
    ALCHEMIC REACTIONS TO GIVE YOU AN EXAMPLE AND TEACH THE BASICS OF THE CRAFT 
    Here I will tell you about some of the known reactions, and I will provide the full formulation in the main work of my life: Encyclopedia of Cardinal and Fixed Alchemy of Bretran of Leon.

    So,  

    CARDINAL REACTIONS 
    Simple healing powder. Combine the Chatlite stone, the Paris flower and complete the reaction with the Faynal powder. Chatlite corresponds to life quality and is controlled by the element of water. Paris is a day plant and is controlled by the element of air. The alert reader of my work will recall that the day plants help to preserve the good. The Magician, making the reaction should always bear in mind that the best and accurate result is obtained during the day. 

    Amilus powder. Combine the Ardamant stone with the Creatolus plant and complete the reaction with the Faynal powder. Ardamant possesses the quality of order and corresponds to water. Creatolus is a morning plant and corresponds to fire. This is a very rare type of stable reaction, where mutually aggressive elements are taking part together. 

    FIXED REACTIONS
    In order to make slowing powder, combine the Camelic stone, the Fern plant, the Iron metal and accomplish the reaction with the Amilus powder. Camelic corresponds to the quality of strength and the element of air. The Fern plant brings along the evil and was picked here in order so that the stick would only drive off the evil spirits without destroying them. The Iron reveals the negative quality of the Camilic stone - the weakness. The reaction spends a considerable amount of the element of air in the body of the Magician who is making the reaction. 
 
    In order to make powder of incineration, combine the Galeonate stone, Circulonia flower and Iron metal. Galeonate corresponds to the air and brings forth the quality of stone in that reaction under the impact of iron. Circulonia is an evening flower and is governed by the element of fire. The reaction spends the air, and, moreover, the fire from the body of the Magician. 
