01 The Legend of the Great Demon
03 The legend of the Great Demon
100 In front of you is a scroll with a legend from the world of the Sphere.
TEXT
    How many blank spots have remained in the history of Francesco De Orco! How many troubles are connected with his name! And until all the answers are found, the string of misfortunes and grief, deaths and chaos will not stop. The world of suffering collapses itself and destroys everything connected with it, on both sides of reality. More and more new means of falling of the "Sphere" reveal ancient prophecies. We can only hope that the ornate writings will be solved before the evil encoded in them happens.
    The interpretation of the ancient prophecy about the Great Demon speaks of the penetration into the world of the "Sphere" of a mighty monster, during one of the attempts to open the gate. The power of the archon, praised by the soothsayer, is so great that his very existence is dangerous for both worlds and all its inhabitants. The physical strength of a giant exceeds all conceivable limits, since the very nature of a being is akin to the nature of the whole world. The Demon's magical power is absolute, since he himself is its resource and source. The fiend is able to directly influence the fabric of the universe, and knows exactly how to do it.
    Fortunately, so far this is only the "seed" of evil. Worlds continue to exist - and this proves the "immaturity" of the seed. Being in deep hibernation, the Demon gains strength, penetrates through subtle matter, grows in its power. He rests in an invisible spirit and waits for his hour. The only way to prevent the coming cataclysm was to awaken the "fetus" ahead of time and, taking advantage of its weakness, destroy it.
    In addition, the visions of the soothsayer told about the existence of the retinue. Four ancient demons are waiting for the fateful hour to sacrifice themselves in the summoning ritual for the awakening of the overlord. Each of them, imprisoned in a crystal, remained hidden in the crypt. The rumor of the coming advent swept through the lands of the "Sphere". Heroism and thirst for profit, appeals and personal aspirations pushed allies and enemies to search for retinue and battle with the growing evil. The Four ancients were destroyed. The summoning ritual is completed. The demon was awakened, and even during this period, its power was monstrous. The battle, which claimed the lives of many warriors, was accompanied by magical anomalies caused by the fiend. Trophies that did not belong to any of the fallen were found on the battlefield. Creepy creatures joined the battle, trying to save their creator. Magicians lost their minds, unable to cope with the flows of subtle matters. But no matter what, the battle continued.
    Finally, the demon disappeared. Whether he fell at the hands of the warriors, fell asleep again or fled to his own world, neither eyewitnesses nor prophecies know. Whether the "Sphere" was saved or its hour was only slightly extended, time will tell.
    
    