01 the manuscript "About the fern"
03 the manuscript "About the fern"
TEXT
    More than 1000 years ago, when the Sphere had not yet reached the stage of destruction, there was a Hall of the Remaining Ones In fact, the Hall was a magic school in which the most capable students mastered the highest magical art. The Master of the Hall was considered the strongest magician among the Remaining and among the Outgoing Ones until 6801, until in the battle of the magicians near Bangville, the Outgoing Ones caused significant damage to the members of the Hall of the Remaining Ones.
    But long before the battle, in 6250, an unpleasant incident occurred in the Hall. At that time, the Supreme Master was Noviz, who was famous for his rare ability to become invisible. One of the closest assistants to Master Noviz, Rester, decided to take his place. With the help of magic and selection, he bred a variety of fern, which, with certain magical reactions with quartz, gave a magical Eye that allowed to see the invisible. With the help of the Eye, Rester expected to defeat Novelty in the annual magic duel between the Master of the Hall and thirteen junior masters. Usually this procedure was a pure formality, since in his post the Supreme Master received literature and ingredients that were inaccessible to his subordinates. Over the past 10 years, Noviz has used the invisibility trick and invariably emerged victorious.
    The wrestler really managed to highlight the invisible figure of Novelty during the fight, deprive him of the advantage and win. Rester lasted three years as a Master, having received a monopoly on both invisibility magic and manifestation magic. But he made a mistake: the precious fern sprouted not only in Rester's garden - its unusually tenacious shoots made their way to the neighbor's gardens, and then to all the surrounding forests. Rester had no idea about it; and now, to his surprise, Novelty used manifestation magic in another duel and won back his title.
    Rester devoted a considerable part of his life to the destruction of the fern and succeeded quite well in this: a fern in the Sphere is now rarely found, and when met, it is difficult to distinguish from an ordinary fern. Only a shining flower gives it out once a month on a full moon. The flower, in addition to participating in the magical reaction of manifestation, gives lost souls who are lost in illusions the opportunity to see their real situation. Therefore, during the flowering period, rare fern flowers are surrounded by a variety of creatures, not always friendly.
    There is a simple alchemical recipe with the participation of Rester's fern:
    Put a fern flower and a quartz crystal into the alchemical pot and complete the reaction with Fainal powder.
    
    Nilus of Nomrad, Master of Magic, court alchemist and historian of His Majesty Leon II, King of the Sphere, Duke of Charon, Lord of the six continents.
    January is the month of the year 7422.
    