01 Basics of alchemy (part one)
03 Basics of alchemy (part one)

TEXT
    STONES USED IN THE CARDINAL AND FIXED ALCHEMY
    A great many stone is known that can be used in an alchemic reaction. Everybody knows that each stone is related to one of the four elements: earth, air, water, or fire. Yours truly has also discovered that aside from the elements the stones are ruled by the following noble qualities:

Love
Wisdom
Lightness
Heat
Strength
Light
Order
Life

    When stones are combined with plants and metals these qualities can be both revealed in their full extent or else, on the contrary, turn into their own opposites:

Hate
Ignorance
Heaviness
Cold
Weakness
Darkness
Chaos
Death

    Thus, the quality of a stone and its element allow us to predict which way the reaction will go

    ON PLANTS
    The alchemic science knows many plants. Similar to stones, each plant has a relation to one of the elements. In addition to that it has been known for ages that every flower and herb become most powerful during a certain time of day. Which is why we classify the plants into those of the night, morning, day, and evening.

Night herbs and flowers assist the evil.
Morning ones can give birth to both the good and the evil.
Day ones assist the good.
While evening ones destroy both the good and the evil.

    Everybody knows that when making a reaction during the day and using a day plant we shall always get a sure and predictable result. In the evening or in the morning one could get a serious alchemic explosion. While at night one should not use a day plant at all since almost always the result would be sad and unfortunate. Same should be done with morning, evening, and night plants. The further is the Sun from the position needed for the plant, the worse and more dangerous will the consequences be.

    I have determined that when one combines a plant and a stone the relative elements of those will react to each other differently.

The earth is strengthened by the earth, is friendly to the water, neutral to the fire and aggressive to the air. 
The air is strengthened by the air, is friendly to the fire, neutral to the water and aggressive to the earth.
The water is strengthened by the water,  is friendly to the earth, neutral to the air and aggressive to the fire. 
The fire is strengthened by the fire, is friendly to the air, neutral to the earth and aggressive to the water.

    When the mutually aggressive elements are combined the consequences are almost always bad, but there are those rare occasions when you can manage to save the balance and combine two mutually aggressive elements. For instance, we can recall the Amilus powder formula that combines mutually aggressive water and fire. 

    So, in order to complete the cardinal reactions a stone and a plant are enough, they are then put into the alchemy pot in this sequence: first goes the stone, and after that the plant. The reaction will be completed by the Faynal powder. We would like to specify that the Faynal powder always brings forth the positive aspect of the stone, whether it be life, strength, lightness, etc. 

    ON METALS
    The metal qualities allow for physical metamorphoses. I will here describe only five basic metals that can be used in the alchemic pot. Those are gold, silver, copper, iron, and lead. 

Gold corresponds to the Golden age of  our Sphere and taking part in the reaction it reveals the positive quality of the stone to the greatest extent. 
Silver corresponds to the Silver Age of our Sphere and in some degree reveals the positive quality.
Copper reflects the Copper Age of the Sphere and acts as a stabilizer. Sometimes the copper can reveal the positive quality but very slightly.
Iron reflect the Iron Age of the Sphere and slightly reveals the negative quality of the stone, whether it be hate, coldness, death, etc. 
Lead corresponds to the time of the Sphere’s last days. The lead reveals the negative quality of the stone to the utmost degree. 

    So, in order to complete the fixed reactions, we need to have a stone, a plant, a metal and the Amilus powder, that are put into the alchemic pot observing the strict sequence: first goes the stone, than the plant, than the metal and the powder. 
